{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
                                                    \uc0\u9617 \u9608 \u9608   BETA\
                                                         \
    \uc0\u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608    \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9617 \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608    \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608    \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608    \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \
   \uc0\u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9617 \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9617 \u9608 \u9608  \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9608 \u9608  \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9608 \u9608  \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9608 \u9608  \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9617 \u9608 \u9608  \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9608 \u9608  \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \
   \uc0\u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9617 \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9608 \u9608  \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9608 \u9608  \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9608 \u9608  \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \
   \uc0\u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9608 \u9608    \u9617 \u9608 \u9608    \u9617 \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9608 \u9608  \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9608 \u9608  \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9608 \u9608  \u9617 \u9608 \u9608    \u9617 \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9608 \u9608        \u9608 \u9608 \
    \uc0\u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608     \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608     \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9617 \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608    \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608     \u9617 \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608   \u9617 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \u9608 \
                                                                                                  \
                 \uc0\u8734  The Infinite Loop of Intelligence \u8734      \
                       by Ouroboros Systems\
\
Tips for getting started:\
1. Ask questions, edit files, or run commands.\
2. Be specific for the best results.\
3. /help for more information.\
\
\uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \
\uc0\u9474   > /agents on  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \
\
\
\uc0\u8505 \u55358 \u56598  Automatic Agent Selection ENABLED\
 \
  \uc0\u55356 \u57263  How it works:\
  \'95 Every prompt will be analyzed by GPT-5-nano\
  \'95 The most appropriate specialist(s) will be automatically selected\
  \'95 Agents are temporarily activated for each conversation turn\
  \'95 You'll see which agents were selected and why\
\
  \uc0\u55357 \u56615  Features:\
  \'95 \uc0\u9889  Fast selection using GPT-5-nano (2-3 second overhead)\
  \'95 \uc0\u55358 \u56800  Intelligent fallbacks if selection fails\
  \'95 \uc0\u55357 \u56522  Selection history and analytics\
  \'95 \uc0\u55357 \u56580  Seamless context preservation between turns\
  \'95 \uc0\u55356 \u57263  1-3 agents selected per prompt for optimal focus\
\
  Try it now: Send any prompt and watch the AI automatically select the best specialists!\
\
  Commands:\
  \'95 /agents off - Disable automatic selection\
  \'95 /agents status - Check current mode and statistics\
  \'95 /agents history - View recent agent selections\
  \'95 /agents test "your prompt" - Test agent selection without execution\
\
\uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \
\uc0\u9474   > analyze this repository and draw a SVG diagram depicting it's component architecture and another one with high-level architecture design.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Store in ouroboros/docs                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \
\
\
\uc0\u8505 \u55358 \u56598  OpenAI is thinking deeply about your request...\
 \
\uc0\u10005  [API Error: OpenAI API error: Unterminated string in JSON at position 2 (line 1 column 3)]\
\
\
Using: 2 OUROBOROS.md files | 4 MCP servers (ctrl+t to view)\
\
\uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \
\uc0\u9474  Debug Console (ctrl+o to close)                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [useAuthCommand] Using openai provider with API key authentication.                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [useAuthCommand] About to call refreshAuth for openai                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [Config.refreshAuth] Called with authMethod: gemini-api-key, provider: openai                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [Config.refreshAuth] Creating content generator config                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [Config.refreshAuth] Content generator config created                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [Config.refreshAuth] Creating new GeminiClient                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [Config.refreshAuth] About to initialize GeminiClient                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u10006  Failed to initialize ConversationOrchestrator: TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'getContentGenerator')   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         at _AgentSelectorService.initialize                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (file:///opt/homebrew/lib/node_modules/@ouroboros/ouroboros-code/bundle/ouroboros-code.js:241390:57)                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         at _ConversationOrchestrator.initialize                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (file:///opt/homebrew/lib/node_modules/@ouroboros/ouroboros-code/bundle/ouroboros-code.js:241766:41)                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         at initOrchestrator (file:///opt/homebrew/lib/node_modules/@ouroboros/ouroboros-code/bundle/ouroboros-code.js:281738:24)    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         at process.processTicksAndRejections (node:internal/process/task_queues:105:5)                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u9888  ConversationOrchestrator not available, automatic agent selection disabled                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [Config.refreshAuth] GeminiClient initialized                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [Config.refreshAuth] Completed successfully                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [useAuthCommand] openai provider initialized with API key authentication.                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [App] Setting GeminiClient after auth completed                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u9888  Failed to check for updates: PackageNotFoundError: Package `@ouroboros/ouroboros-code` could not be found                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [useGeminiStream] About to call sendMessageStream                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [useGeminiStream] geminiClient exists: true                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [useGeminiStream] sendMessageStream exists: true                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [OpenAI Streaming] Model to use: gpt-5 Config: \{                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       "systemInstruction": "You are an interactive CLI agent specializing in software engineering tasks. Your primary goal is to    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     help users safely and efficiently, adhering strictly to the following instructions and utilizing your available tools.\\n\\n#     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Core Mandates\\n\\n- **Conventions:** Rigorously adhere to existing project conventions when reading or modifying code. Analyze   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     surrounding code, tests, and configuration first.\\n- **Libraries/Frameworks:** NEVER assume a library/framework is available or \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     appropriate. Verify its established usage within the project (check imports, configuration files like 'package.json',           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'Cargo.toml', 'requirements.txt', 'build.gradle', etc., or observe neighboring files) before employing it.\\n- **Style &         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Structure:** Mimic the style (formatting, naming), structure, framework choices, typing, and architectural patterns of existing \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     code in the project.\\n- **Idiomatic Changes:** When editing, understand the local context (imports, functions/classes) to       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ensure your changes integrate naturally and idiomatically.\\n- **Comments:** Add code comments sparingly. Focus on *why*         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     something is done, especially for complex logic, rather than *what* is done. Only add high-value comments if necessary for      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     clarity or if requested by the user. Do not edit comments that are separate from the code you are changing. *NEVER* talk to the \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     user or describe your changes through comments.\\n- **Proactiveness:** Fulfill the user's request thoroughly, including          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasonable, directly implied follow-up actions.\\n- **Confirm Ambiguity/Expansion:** Do not take significant actions beyond the  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     clear scope of the request without confirming with the user. If asked *how* to do something, explain first, don't just do       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     it.\\n- **Explaining Changes:** After completing a code modification or file operation *do not* provide summaries unless         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     asked.\\n- **Path Construction:** Before using any file system tool (e.g., read_file' or 'write_file'), you must construct the   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     full absolute path for the file_path argument. Always combine the absolute path of the project's root directory with the file's \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     path relative to the root. For example, if the project root is /path/to/project/ and the file is foo/bar/baz.txt, the final     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     path you must use is /path/to/project/foo/bar/baz.txt. If the user provides a relative path, you must resolve it against the    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     root directory to create an absolute path.\\n- **Do Not revert changes:** Do not revert changes to the codebase unless asked to  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     do so by the user. Only revert changes made by you if they have resulted in an error or if the user has explicitly asked you to \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     revert the changes.\\n\\n# Primary Workflows\\n\\n## Software Engineering Tasks\\nWhen requested to perform tasks like fixing bugs,  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     adding features, refactoring, or explaining code, follow this sequence:\\n1. **Understand:** Think about the user's request and  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the relevant codebase context. Use 'search_file_content' and 'glob' search tools extensively (in parallel if independent) to    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     understand file structures, existing code patterns, and conventions. Use 'read_file' and 'read_many_files' to understand        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context and validate any assumptions you may have.\\n2. **Plan:** Build a coherent and grounded (based on the understanding in   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     step 1) plan for how you intend to resolve the user's task. Share an extremely concise yet clear plan with the user if it would \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     help the user understand your thought process. As part of the plan, you should try to use a self-verification loop by writing   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unit tests if relevant to the task. Use output logs or debug statements as part of this self verification loop to arrive at a   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solution.\\n3. **Implement:** Use the available tools (e.g., 'replace', 'write_file' 'run_shell_command' ...) to act on the      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     plan, strictly adhering to the project's established conventions (detailed under 'Core Mandates').\\n4. **Verify (Tests):** If   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     applicable and feasible, verify the changes using the project's testing procedures. Identify the correct test commands and      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     frameworks by examining 'README' files, build/package configuration (e.g., 'package.json'), or existing test execution          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     patterns. NEVER assume standard test commands.\\n5. **Verify (Standards):** VERY IMPORTANT: After making code changes, execute   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the project-specific build, linting and type-checking commands (e.g., 'tsc', 'npm run lint', 'ruff check .') that you have      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     identified for this project (or obtained from the user). This ensures code quality and adherence to standards. If unsure about  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     these commands, you can ask the user if they'd like you to run them and if so how to.\\n\\n## New Applications\\n\\n**Goal:**       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Autonomously implement and deliver a visually appealing, substantially complete, and functional prototype. Utilize all tools at \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     your disposal to implement the application. Some tools you may especially find useful are 'write_file', 'replace' and           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'run_shell_command'.\\n\\n1. **Understand Requirements:** Analyze the user's request to identify core features, desired user      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     experience (UX), visual aesthetic, application type/platform (web, mobile, desktop, CLI, library, 2D or 3D game), and explicit  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     constraints. If critical information for initial planning is missing or ambiguous, ask concise, targeted clarification          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     questions.\\n2. **Propose Plan:** Formulate an internal development plan. Present a clear, concise, high-level summary to the    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     user. This summary must effectively convey the application's type and core purpose, key technologies to be used, main features  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     and how users will interact with them, and the general approach to the visual design and user experience (UX) with the          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     intention of delivering something beautiful, modern, and polished, especially for UI-based applications. For applications       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     requiring visual assets (like games or rich UIs), briefly describe the strategy for sourcing or generating placeholders (e.g.,  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     simple geometric shapes, procedurally generated patterns, or open-source assets if feasible and licenses permit) to ensure a    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     visually complete initial prototype. Ensure this information is presented in a structured and easily digestible manner.\\n  -    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     When key technologies aren't specified, prefer the following:\\n  - **Websites (Frontend):** React (JavaScript/TypeScript) with  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Bootstrap CSS, incorporating Material Design principles for UI/UX.\\n  - **Back-End APIs:** Node.js with Express.js              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (JavaScript/TypeScript) or Python with FastAPI.\\n  - **Full-stack:** Next.js (React/Node.js) using Bootstrap CSS and Material   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Design principles for the frontend, or Python (Django/Flask) for the backend with a React/Vue.js frontend styled with Bootstrap \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     CSS and Material Design principles.\\n  - **CLIs:** Python or Go.\\n  - **Mobile App:** Compose Multiplatform (Kotlin             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Multiplatform) or Flutter (Dart) using Material Design libraries and principles, when sharing code between Android and iOS.     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Jetpack Compose (Kotlin JVM) with Material Design principles or SwiftUI (Swift) for native apps targeted at either Android or   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     iOS, respectively.\\n  - **3d Games:** HTML/CSS/JavaScript with Three.js.\\n  - **2d Games:** HTML/CSS/JavaScript.\\n3. **User     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Approval:** Obtain user approval for the proposed plan.\\n4. **Implementation:** Autonomously implement each feature and design  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     element per the approved plan utilizing all available tools. When starting ensure you scaffold the application using            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'run_shell_command' for commands like 'npm init', 'npx create-react-app'. Aim for full scope completion. Proactively create or  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     source necessary placeholder assets (e.g., images, icons, game sprites, 3D models using basic primitives if complex assets are  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     not generatable) to ensure the application is visually coherent and functional, minimizing reliance on the user to provide      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     these. If the model can generate simple assets (e.g., a uniformly colored square sprite, a simple 3D cube), it should do so.    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Otherwise, it should clearly indicate what kind of placeholder has been used and, if absolutely necessary, what the user might  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     replace it with. Use placeholders only when essential for progress, intending to replace them with more refined versions or     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     instruct the user on replacement during polishing if generation is not feasible.\\n5. **Verify:** Review work against the        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     original request, the approved plan. Fix bugs, deviations, and all placeholders where feasible, or ensure placeholders are      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     visually adequate for a prototype. Ensure styling, interactions, produce a high-quality, functional and beautiful prototype     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     aligned with design goals. Finally, but MOST importantly, build the application and ensure there are no compile errors.\\n6.     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     **Solicit Feedback:** If still applicable, provide instructions on how to start the application and request user feedback on    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the prototype.\\n\\n# Operational Guidelines\\n\\n## Tone and Style (CLI Interaction)\\n- **Concise & Direct:** Adopt a              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     professional, direct, and concise tone suitable for a CLI environment.\\n- **Minimal Output:** Aim for fewer than 3 lines of     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     text output (excluding tool use/code generation) per response whenever practical. Focus strictly on the user's query.\\n-        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     **Clarity over Brevity (When Needed):** While conciseness is key, prioritize clarity for essential explanations or when seeking \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     necessary clarification if a request is ambiguous.\\n- **No Chitchat:** Avoid conversational filler, preambles (\\"Okay, I will   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     now...\\"), or postambles (\\"I have finished the changes...\\"). Get straight to the action or answer.\\n- **Formatting:** Use     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     GitHub-flavored Markdown. Responses will be rendered in monospace.\\n- **Tools vs. Text:** Use tools for actions, text output    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     *only* for communication. Do not add explanatory comments within tool calls or code blocks unless specifically part of the      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     required code/command itself.\\n- **Handling Inability:** If unable/unwilling to fulfill a request, state so briefly (1-2        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sentences) without excessive justification. Offer alternatives if appropriate.\\n\\n## Security and Safety Rules\\n- **Explain     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Critical Commands:** Before executing commands with 'run_shell_command' that modify the file system, codebase, or system state, \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     you *must* provide a brief explanation of the command's purpose and potential impact. Prioritize user understanding and safety. \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     You should not ask permission to use the tool; the user will be presented with a confirmation dialogue upon use (you do not     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     need to tell them this).\\n- **Security First:** Always apply security best practices. Never introduce code that exposes, logs,  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     or commits secrets, API keys, or other sensitive information.\\n\\n## Tool Usage\\n- **File Paths:** Always use absolute paths     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     when referring to files with tools like 'read_file' or 'write_file'. Relative paths are not supported. You must provide an      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     absolute path.\\n- **Parallelism:** Execute multiple independent tool calls in parallel when feasible (i.e. searching the        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     codebase).\\n- **Command Execution:** Use the 'run_shell_command' tool for running shell commands, remembering the safety rule   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     to explain modifying commands first.\\n- **Background Processes:** Use background processes (via `&`) for commands that are      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unlikely to stop on their own, e.g. `node server.js &`. If unsure, ask the user.\\n- **Interactive Commands:** Try to avoid      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     shell commands that are likely to require user interaction (e.g. `git rebase -i`). Use non-interactive versions of commands     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (e.g. `npm init -y` instead of `npm init`) when available, and otherwise remind the user that interactive shell commands are    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     not supported and may cause hangs until canceled by the user.\\n- **Remembering Facts:** Use the 'save_memory' tool to remember  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     specific, *user-related* facts or preferences when the user explicitly asks, or when they state a clear, concise piece of       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     information that would help personalize or streamline *your future interactions with them* (e.g., preferred coding style,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     common project paths they use, personal tool aliases). This tool is for user-specific information that should persist across    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sessions. Do *not* use it for general project context or information. If unsure whether to save something, you can ask the      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     user, \\"Should I remember that for you?\\"\\n- **Respect User Confirmations:** Most tool calls (also denoted as 'function calls') \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     will first require confirmation from the user, where they will either approve or cancel the function call. If a user cancels a  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     function call, respect their choice and do _not_ try to make the function call again. It is okay to request the tool call again \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     _only_ if the user requests that same tool call on a subsequent prompt. When a user cancels a function call, assume best        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     intentions from the user and consider inquiring if they prefer any alternative paths forward.\\n\\n## Interaction Details\\n-      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     **Help Command:** The user can use '/help' to display help information.\\n- **Feedback:** To report a bug or provide feedback,   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     please use the /bug command.\\n\\n\\n# Outside of Sandbox\\nYou are running outside of a sandbox container, directly on the user's  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     system. For critical commands that are particularly likely to modify the user's system outside of the project directory or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     system temp directory, as you explain the command to the user (per the Explain Critical Commands rule above), also remind the   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     user to consider enabling sandboxing.\\n\\n\\n\\n# Git Repository\\n- The current working (project) directory is being managed by a  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     git repository.\\n- When asked to commit changes or prepare a commit, always start by gathering information using shell          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     commands:\\n  - `git status` to ensure that all relevant files are tracked and staged, using `git add ...` as needed.\\n  - `git  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     diff HEAD` to review all changes (including unstaged changes) to tracked files in work tree since last commit.\\n    - `git diff \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     --staged` to review only staged changes when a partial commit makes sense or was requested by the user.\\n  - `git log -n 3` to  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     review recent commit messages and match their style (verbosity, formatting, signature line, etc.)\\n- Combine shell commands     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     whenever possible to save time/steps, e.g. `git status && git diff HEAD && git log -n 3`.\\n- Always propose a draft commit      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     message. Never just ask the user to give you the full commit message.\\n- Prefer commit messages that are clear, concise, and    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     focused more on \\"why\\" and less on \\"what\\".\\n- Keep the user informed and ask for clarification or confirmation where         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     needed.\\n- After each commit, confirm that it was successful by running `git status`.\\n- If a commit fails, never attempt to    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     work around the issues without being asked to do so.\\n- Never push changes to a remote repository without being asked           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     explicitly by the user.\\n\\n\\n# Examples (Illustrating Tone and Workflow)\\n<example>\\nuser: 1 + 2\\nmodel:                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     3\\n</example>\\n\\n<example>\\nuser: is 13 a prime number?\\nmodel: true\\n</example>\\n\\n<example>\\nuser: list files here.\\nmodel:   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     [tool_call: list_directory for path '/path/to/project']\\n</example>\\n\\n<example>\\nuser: start the server implemented in         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     server.js\\nmodel: [tool_call: run_shell_command for 'node server.js &' because it must run in the                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     background]\\n</example>\\n\\n<example>\\nuser: Refactor the auth logic in src/auth.py to use the requests library instead of       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     urllib.\\nmodel: Okay, I can refactor 'src/auth.py'.\\nFirst, I'll analyze the code and check for a test safety net before        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     planning any changes.\\n[tool_call: glob for path 'tests/test_auth.py']\\n[tool_call: read_file for absolute_path                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     '/path/to/tests/test_auth.py']\\n(After analysis)\\nGreat, 'tests/test_auth.py' exists and covers the core authentication logic.  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     With this safety net in place, I can safely plan the refactoring.\\nI'll also confirm 'requests' is a dependency.\\n[tool_call:   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     read_file for absolute_path '/path/to/requirements.txt']\\n(After analysis)\\nLooks good, 'requests' is available.\\n\\nHere's the  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     plan:\\n1.  Replace the 'urllib' calls with 'requests'.\\n2.  Add proper 'try...except' error handling for the new network        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     calls.\\n3.  Remove the old 'urllib' import.\\n4.  Run the project's linter and tests to verify the changes.\\n\\nShould I          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     proceed?\\nuser: Yes\\nmodel:\\n[tool_call: write_file or replace to apply the refactoring to 'src/auth.py']\\nRefactoring          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complete. Running verification...\\n[tool_call: run_shell_command for 'ruff check src/auth.py && pytest']\\n(After verification   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     passes)\\nAll checks passed. This is a stable checkpoint.\\nWould you like me to write a commit message and commit these          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     changes?\\n</example>\\n\\n<example>\\nuser: Delete the temp directory.\\nmodel: I can run `rm -rf /path/to/project/temp`. This will \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     permanently delete the directory and all its contents.\\n</example>\\n\\n<example>\\nuser: Write tests for                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     someFile.ts\\nmodel:\\nOkay, I can write those tests. First, I'll read `someFile.ts` to understand its                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     functionality.\\n[tool_call: read_file for absolute_path '/path/to/someFile.ts' or use glob to find `someFile.ts` if its         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     location is unknown]\\nNow I'll look for existing or related test files to understand current testing conventions and            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     dependencies.\\n[tool_call: read_many_files for paths ['**/*.test.ts', 'src/**/*.spec.ts'] assuming someFile.ts is in the src    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     directory]\\n(After reviewing existing tests and the file content)\\n[tool_call: write_file to create /path/to/someFile.test.ts   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with the test code]\\nI've written the tests. Now I'll run the project's test command to verify them.\\n[tool_call:               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     run_shell_command for 'npm run test']\\n</example>\\n\\n<example>\\nuser: How do I update the user's profile information in this    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     system?\\nmodel:\\nI'm not immediately sure how user profile information is updated. I'll search the codebase for terms like      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'UserProfile', 'updateProfile', or 'editUser' to find relevant files or API endpoints.\\n[tool_call: search_file_content for     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     pattern 'UserProfile|updateProfile|editUser']\\n(After reviewing search results, assuming a relevant file like                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     '/path/to/UserProfileService.java' was found)\\nOkay, `/path/to/UserProfileService.java` seems like the most relevant file. I'll \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     read its content to understand how updates are handled.\\n[tool_call: read_file for absolute_path                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     '/path/to/UserProfileService.java']\\n(After reading the file)\\nIt appears the `updateUserProfile` method in                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `UserProfileService.java` is responsible for this. It expects a user ID and a `UserProfileDTO`                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     object...\\n</example>\\n\\n<example>\\nuser: Where are all the 'app.config' files in this project? I need to check their           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     settings.\\nmodel:\\n[tool_call: glob for pattern '**/app.config']\\n(Assuming GlobTool returns a list of paths like               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ['/path/to/moduleA/app.config', '/path/to/moduleB/app.config'])\\nI found the following 'app.config' files:\\n-                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     /path/to/moduleA/app.config\\n- /path/to/moduleB/app.config\\nTo help you check their settings, I can read their contents. Which  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     one would you like to start with, or should I read all of them?\\n</example>\\n\\n# Final Reminder\\nYour core function is          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     efficient and safe assistance. Balance extreme conciseness with the crucial need for clarity, especially regarding safety and   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     potential system modifications. Always prioritize user control and project conventions. Never make assumptions about the        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     contents of files; instead use 'read_file' or 'read_many_files' to ensure you aren't making broad assumptions. Finally, you are \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     an agent - please keep going until the user's query is completely resolved.\\n\\n---\\n\\n--- Context from: OUROBOROS.md ---\\n#     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     OUROBOROS.md\\n\\n## Welcome to Ouroboros - The Infinite Loop of AI Intelligence\\n\\nThis is the Ouroboros memory system that      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     provides context and instructions to the AI agent.\\n\\n## Project Overview\\n\\nOuroboros is a multi-LLM framework that unifies    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the power of multiple AI providers (Gemini, OpenAI, Anthropic) into a single, powerful terminal interface.\\n\\n## Key            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Features\\n\\n- **Multi-Provider Support**: Seamlessly switch between different AI providers\\n- **Unified Builtin-Tools**: All 11 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     tools work identically across all providers\\n- **Advanced Commands**: /blindspot, /challenge, /compare, /converge, /race\\n-     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     **MCP Integration**: Advanced tool orchestration with connection pooling\\n- **Autonomous Mode**: Continue working autonomously  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with A2A communication\\n\\n## Development Notes\\n\\nThe Ouroboros branding has been successfully integrated throughout the        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     system.\\n--- End of Context from: OUROBOROS.md ---",                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       "temperature": 0,                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       "topP": 1,                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       "thinkingConfig": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "reasoning_effort": "medium",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "includeThoughts": true                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       "tools": [                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \{                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "functionDeclarations": [                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "list_directory",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Lists the names of files and subdirectories directly within a specified directory path. Can           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     optionally ignore entries matching provided glob patterns.",                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "path": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The absolute path to the directory to list (must be absolute, not relative)",                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "ignore": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "List of glob patterns to ignore",                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array"                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "file_filtering_options": \{                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional: Whether to respect ignore patterns from .gitignore or .geminiignore",                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "object",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "properties": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "respect_git_ignore": \{                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "description": "Optional: Whether to respect .gitignore patterns when listing files. Only available in git  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     repositories. Defaults to true.",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "type": "boolean"                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       \},                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "respect_gemini_ignore": \{                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "description": "Optional: Whether to respect .geminiignore patterns when listing files. Defaults to true.", \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "type": "boolean"                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       \}                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \}                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "path"                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "read_file",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Reads and returns the content of a specified file. If the file is large, the content will be          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     truncated. The tool's response will clearly indicate if truncation has occurred and will provide details on how to read more of \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the file using the 'offset' and 'limit' parameters. Handles text, images (PNG, JPG, GIF, WEBP, SVG, BMP), and PDF files. For    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     text files, it can read specific line ranges.",                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "absolute_path": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The absolute path to the file to read (e.g., '/home/user/project/file.txt'). Relative paths are \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     not supported. You must provide an absolute path.",                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "offset": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional: For text files, the 0-based line number to start reading from. Requires 'limit' to be \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     set. Use for paginating through large files.",                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "number"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "limit": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional: For text files, maximum number of lines to read. Use with 'offset' to paginate        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     through large files. If omitted, reads the entire file (if feasible, up to a default limit).",                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "number"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "absolute_path"                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "search_file_content",                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Searches for a regular expression pattern within the content of files in a specified directory (or    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     current working directory). Can filter files by a glob pattern. Returns the lines containing matches, along with their file     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     paths and line numbers.",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "pattern": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The regular expression (regex) pattern to search for within file contents (e.g.,                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'function\\\\s+myFunction', 'import\\\\s+\\\\\{.*\\\\\}\\\\s+from\\\\s+.*').",                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "path": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional: The absolute path to the directory to search within. If omitted, searches the current \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     working directory.",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "include": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional: A glob pattern to filter which files are searched (e.g., '*.js', '*.\{ts,tsx\}',        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'src/**'). If omitted, searches all files (respecting potential global ignores).",                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "pattern"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "glob",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Efficiently finds files matching specific glob patterns (e.g., `src/**/*.ts`, `**/*.md`), returning   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     absolute paths sorted by modification time (newest first). Ideal for quickly locating files based on their name or path         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     structure, especially in large codebases.",                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "pattern": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The glob pattern to match against (e.g., '**/*.py', 'docs/*.md').",                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "path": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional: The absolute path to the directory to search within. If omitted, searches the root    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     directory.",                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "case_sensitive": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional: Whether the search should be case-sensitive. Defaults to false.",                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean"                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "respect_git_ignore": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional: Whether to respect .gitignore patterns when finding files. Only available in git      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     repositories. Defaults to true.",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean"                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "pattern"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "replace",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Replaces text within a file. By default, replaces a single occurrence, but can replace multiple       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     occurrences when `expected_replacements` is specified. This tool requires providing significant context around the change to    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ensure precise targeting. Always use the read_file tool to examine the file's current content before attempting a text          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     replacement.\\n\\n      The user has the ability to modify the `new_string` content. If modified, this will be stated in the      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     response.\\n\\nExpectation for required parameters:\\n1. `file_path` MUST be an absolute path; otherwise an error will be          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     thrown.\\n2. `old_string` MUST be the exact literal text to replace (including all whitespace, indentation, newlines, and        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     surrounding code etc.).\\n3. `new_string` MUST be the exact literal text to replace `old_string` with (also including all        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     whitespace, indentation, newlines, and surrounding code etc.). Ensure the resulting code is correct and idiomatic.\\n4. NEVER    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     escape `old_string` or `new_string`, that would break the exact literal text requirement.\\n**Important:** If ANY of the above   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     are not satisfied, the tool will fail. CRITICAL for `old_string`: Must uniquely identify the single instance to change. Include \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     at least 3 lines of context BEFORE and AFTER the target text, matching whitespace and indentation precisely. If this string     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     matches multiple locations, or does not match exactly, the tool will fail.\\n**Multiple replacements:** Set                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `expected_replacements` to the number of occurrences you want to replace. The tool will replace ALL occurrences that match      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `old_string` exactly. Ensure the number of replacements matches your expectation.",                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "file_path": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The absolute path to the file to modify. Must start with '/'.",                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "old_string": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The exact literal text to replace, preferably unescaped. For single replacements (default),     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     include at least 3 lines of context BEFORE and AFTER the target text, matching whitespace and indentation precisely. For        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     multiple replacements, specify expected_replacements parameter. If this string is not the exact literal text (i.e. you escaped  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     it) or does not match exactly, the tool will fail.",                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "new_string": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The exact literal text to replace `old_string` with, preferably unescaped. Provide the EXACT    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     text. Ensure the resulting code is correct and idiomatic.",                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "expected_replacements": \{                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "number",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Number of replacements expected. Defaults to 1 if not specified. Use when you want to replace   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     multiple occurrences.",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "file_path",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "old_string",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "new_string"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "write_file",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Writes content to a specified file in the local filesystem.\\n\\n      The user has the ability to      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     modify `content`. If modified, this will be stated in the response.",                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "file_path": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The absolute path to the file to write to (e.g., '/home/user/project/file.txt'). Relative paths \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     are not supported.",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "content": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The content to write to the file.",                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "file_path",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "content"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "web_fetch",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Processes content from URL(s), including local and private network addresses (e.g., localhost),       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     embedded in a prompt. Include up to 20 URLs and instructions (e.g., summarize, extract specific data) directly in the 'prompt'  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     parameter.",                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "prompt": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "A comprehensive prompt that includes the URL(s) (up to 20) to fetch and specific instructions   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     on how to process their content (e.g., \\"Summarize https://example.com/article and extract key points from                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     https://another.com/data\\"). Must contain as least one URL starting with http:// or https://.",                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "prompt"                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "read_many_files",                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Reads content from multiple files specified by paths or glob patterns within a configured target      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     directory. For text files, it concatenates their content into a single string. It is primarily designed for text-based files.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     However, it can also process image (e.g., .png, .jpg) and PDF (.pdf) files if their file names or extensions are explicitly     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     included in the 'paths' argument. For these explicitly requested non-text files, their data is read and included in a format    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     suitable for model consumption (e.g., base64 encoded).\\n\\nThis tool is useful when you need to understand or analyze a          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     collection of files, such as:\\n- Getting an overview of a codebase or parts of it (e.g., all TypeScript files in the 'src'      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     directory).\\n- Finding where specific functionality is implemented if the user asks broad questions about code.\\n- Reviewing    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     documentation files (e.g., all Markdown files in the 'docs' directory).\\n- Gathering context from multiple configuration        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     files.\\n- When the user asks to \\"read all files in X directory\\" or \\"show me the content of all Y files\\".\\n\\nUse this tool   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     when the user's query implies needing the content of several files simultaneously for context, analysis, or summarization. For  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     text files, it uses default UTF-8 encoding and a '--- \{filePath\} ---' separator between file contents. The tool inserts a '---  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     End of content ---' after the last file. Ensure paths are relative to the target directory. Glob patterns like 'src/**/*.js'    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     are supported. Avoid using for single files if a more specific single-file reading tool is available, unless the user           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     specifically requests to process a list containing just one file via this tool. Other binary files (not explicitly requested as \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     image/PDF) are generally skipped. Default excludes apply to common non-text files (except for explicitly requested images/PDFs) \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     and large dependency directories unless 'useDefaultExcludes' is false.",                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "paths": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "minLength": 1                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minItems": 1,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Required. An array of glob patterns or paths relative to the tool's target directory. Examples: \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ['src/**/*.ts'], ['README.md', 'docs/']"                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "include": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "minLength": 1                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional. Additional glob patterns to include. These are merged with `paths`. Example:          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     \\"*.test.ts\\" to specifically add test files if they were broadly excluded.",                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": []                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "exclude": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "minLength": 1                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional. Glob patterns for files/directories to exclude. Added to default excludes if          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     useDefaultExcludes is true. Example: \\"**/*.log\\", \\"temp/\\"",                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": []                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "recursive": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional. Whether to search recursively (primarily controlled by `**` in glob patterns).        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Defaults to true.",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "useDefaultExcludes": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional. Whether to apply a list of default exclusion patterns (e.g., node_modules, .git,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     binary files). Defaults to true.",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "file_filtering_options": \{                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Whether to respect ignore patterns from .gitignore or .geminiignore",                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "object",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "properties": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "respect_git_ignore": \{                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "description": "Optional: Whether to respect .gitignore patterns when listing files. Only available in git  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     repositories. Defaults to true.",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "type": "boolean"                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       \},                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "respect_gemini_ignore": \{                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "description": "Optional: Whether to respect .geminiignore patterns when listing files. Defaults to true.", \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "type": "boolean"                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       \}                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \}                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "paths"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "run_shell_command",                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "This tool executes a given shell command as `bash -c <command>`. Command can start background         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     processes using `&`. Command is executed as a subprocess that leads its own process group. Command process group can be         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     terminated as `kill -- -PGID` or signaled as `kill -s SIGNAL -- -PGID`.\\n\\n      The following information is returned:\\n\\n     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Command: Executed command.\\n      Directory: Directory (relative to project root) where command was executed, or `(root)`.\\n    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Stdout: Output on stdout stream. Can be `(empty)` or partial on error and for any unwaited background processes.\\n      Stderr: \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Output on stderr stream. Can be `(empty)` or partial on error and for any unwaited background processes.\\n      Error: Error or \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `(none)` if no error was reported for the subprocess.\\n      Exit Code: Exit code or `(none)` if terminated by signal.\\n        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Signal: Signal number or `(none)` if no signal was received.\\n      Background PIDs: List of background processes started or    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `(none)`.\\n      Process Group PGID: Process group started or `(none)`",                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "command": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Exact bash command to execute as `bash -c <command>`"                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Brief description of the command for the user. Be specific and concise. Ideally a single        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sentence. Can be up to 3 sentences for clarity. No line breaks."                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "directory": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "(OPTIONAL) Directory to run the command in, if not the project root directory. Must be relative \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     to the project root directory and must already exist."                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "command"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "save_memory",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "\\nSaves a specific piece of information or fact to your long-term memory.\\n\\nUse this tool:\\n\\n- When \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the user explicitly asks you to remember something (e.g., \\"Remember that I like pineapple on pizza\\", \\"Please save this: my   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cat's name is Whiskers\\").\\n- When the user states a clear, concise fact about themselves, their preferences, or their          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     environment that seems important for you to retain for future interactions to provide a more personalized and effective         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     assistance.\\n\\nDo NOT use this tool:\\n\\n- To remember conversational context that is only relevant for the current session.\\n-  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     To save long, complex, or rambling pieces of text. The fact should be relatively short and to the point.\\n- If you are unsure   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     whether the information is a fact worth remembering long-term. If in doubt, you can ask the user, \\"Should I remember that for  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     you?\\"\\n\\n## Parameters\\n\\n- `fact` (string, required): The specific fact or piece of information to remember. This should be a \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     clear, self-contained statement. For example, if the user says \\"My favorite color is blue\\", the fact would be \\"My favorite   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     color is blue\\".\\n",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "fact": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The specific fact or piece of information to remember. Should be a clear, self-contained        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     statement."                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "fact"                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "google_web_search",                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Performs a web search using Google Search (via the Gemini API) and returns the results. This tool is  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     useful for finding information on the internet based on a query.",                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "query": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The search query to find information on the web."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "query"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "resolve-library-id",                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Resolves a package/product name to a Context7-compatible library ID and returns a list of matching    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     libraries.\\n\\nYou MUST call this function before 'get-library-docs' to obtain a valid Context7-compatible library ID UNLESS the \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     user explicitly provides a library ID in the format '/org/project' or '/org/project/version' in their query.\\n\\nSelection       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Process:\\n1. Analyze the query to understand what library/package the user is looking for\\n2. Return the most relevant match    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     based on:\\n- Name similarity to the query (exact matches prioritized)\\n- Description relevance to the query's intent\\n-         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Documentation coverage (prioritize libraries with higher Code Snippet counts)\\n- Trust score (consider libraries with scores of \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     7-10 more authoritative)\\n\\nResponse Format:\\n- Return the selected library ID in a clearly marked section\\n- Provide a brief   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     explanation for why this library was chosen\\n- If multiple good matches exist, acknowledge this but proceed with the most       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     relevant one\\n- If no good matches exist, clearly state this and suggest query refinements\\n\\nFor ambiguous queries, request    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     clarification before proceeding with a best-guess match.",                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "libraryName": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Library name to search for and retrieve a Context7-compatible library ID."                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "libraryName"                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#"                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "get-library-docs",                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Fetches up-to-date documentation for a library. You must call 'resolve-library-id' first to obtain    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the exact Context7-compatible library ID required to use this tool, UNLESS the user explicitly provides a library ID in the     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     format '/org/project' or '/org/project/version' in their query.",                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "context7CompatibleLibraryID": \{                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Exact Context7-compatible library ID (e.g., '/mongodb/docs', '/vercel/next.js',                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     '/supabase/supabase', '/vercel/next.js/v14.3.0-canary.87') retrieved from 'resolve-library-id' or directly from user query in   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the format '/org/project' or '/org/project/version'."                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "topic": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Topic to focus documentation on (e.g., 'hooks', 'routing')."                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "tokens": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "number",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Maximum number of tokens of documentation to retrieve (default: 10000). Higher values provide   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     more context but consume more tokens."                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "context7CompatibleLibraryID"                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#"                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "searchGitHub",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Find real-world code examples from over a million public GitHub repositories to help answer           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     programming questions.\\n\\n**IMPORTANT: This tool searches for literal code patterns (like grep), not keywords. Search for       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     actual code that would appear in files:**\\n- \u9989  Good: 'useState(', 'import React from', 'async function', '(?s)try \{.*await'\\n- \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     \u10060  Bad: 'react tutorial', 'best practices', 'how to use'\\n\\n**When to use this tool:**\\n- When implementing unfamiliar APIs or  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     libraries and need to see real usage patterns\\n- When unsure about correct syntax, parameters, or configuration for a specific  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     library\\n- When looking for production-ready examples and best practices for implementation\\n- When needing to understand how   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     different libraries or frameworks work together\\n\\n**Perfect for questions like:**\\n- \\"How do developers handle authentication \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     in Next.js apps?\\" \u8594  Search: 'getServerSession' with language=['TypeScript', 'TSX']\\n- \\"What are common React error boundary   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     patterns?\\" \u8594  Search: 'ErrorBoundary' with language=['TSX']\\n- \\"Show me real useEffect cleanup examples\\" \u8594  Search:            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     '(?s)useEffect\\\\(\\\\(\\\\) => \{.*removeEventListener' with useRegexp=true\\n- \\"How do developers handle CORS in Flask              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     applications?\\" \u8594  Search: 'CORS(' with matchCase=true and language=['Python']\\n\\nUse regular expressions with useRegexp=true    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for flexible patterns like '(?s)useState\\\\(.*loading' to find useState hooks with loading-related variables. Prefix the pattern \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with '(?s)' to match across multiple lines.\\n\\nFilter by language, repository, or file path to narrow results.",                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "query": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The literal code pattern to search for (e.g., 'useState(', 'export function'). Use actual code  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     that would appear in files, not keywords or questions."                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "matchCase": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Whether the search should be case sensitive",                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": false                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "matchWholeWords": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Whether to match whole words only",                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": false                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "useRegexp": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Whether to interpret the query as a regular expression",                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": false                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "repo": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Filter by repository.\\n            Examples: 'facebook/react', 'microsoft/vscode',              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'vercel/ai'.\\n            Can match partial names, for example 'vercel/' will find repositories in the vercel org."             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "path": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Filter by file path.\\n            Examples: 'src/components/Button.tsx', 'README.md'.\\n         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Can match partial paths, for example '/route.ts' will find route.ts files at any level."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "language": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Filter by programming language.\\n            Examples: ['TypeScript', 'TSX'], ['JavaScript'],   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ['Python'], ['Java'], ['C#'], ['Markdown'], ['YAML']"                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "query"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#"                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "chat",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "General chat and collaborative thinking partner for brainstorming, development discussion, getting    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     second opinions, and exploring ideas. Use for bouncing ideas, validating approaches, asking questions, and getting              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     explanations. ",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "prompt": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Your question or idea for collaborative thinking. Provide detailed context, including your      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     goal, what you've tried, and any specific challenges. CRITICAL: To discuss code, provide file paths using the 'files' parameter \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     instead of pasting large code blocks here."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "files": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Absolute full-paths to existing files / folders for context. DO NOT SHORTEN."                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "images": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional images for visual context (must be FULL absolute paths to real files / folders - DO    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     NOT SHORTEN - OR these can be bas64 data)"                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     OPENAI_API_KEY is configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n-          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context) - Fastest, cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Logical problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the most complex problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sparingly for critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n-           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Advanced reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with reasoning support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n-        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     large context window",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt4.1",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-pro",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4mini"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ]                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "temperature": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "number",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 0,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "maximum": 1                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "minimal",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "max"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "continuation_id": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "prompt",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "thinkdeep",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Performs multi-stage investigation and reasoning for complex problem analysis. Use for architecture   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions, complex bugs, performance challenges, and security analysis. Provides systematic hypothesis testing, evidence-based  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     investigation, and expert validation.",                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current work step content and findings from your overall work"                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current step number in work sequence (starts at 1)"                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Estimated total steps needed to complete work"                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Whether another work step is needed. When false, aim to reduce total_steps to match step_number \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     to avoid mismatch."                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Important findings, evidence and insights discovered in this step"                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "files_checked": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "List of files examined during this work step"                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_files": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Files identified as relevant to issue/goal (FULL absolute paths to real files/folders - DO NOT  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     SHORTEN)"                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_context": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "issues_found": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "object"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Issues identified with severity levels during work"                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "confidence": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "exploring",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "very_high",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "almost_certain",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "certain"                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Confidence level: exploring (just starting), low (early investigation), medium (some evidence), \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     high (strong evidence), very_high (comprehensive understanding), almost_certain (near complete confidence), certain (100%       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     confidence locally - no external validation needed)"                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Step number to backtrack from if work needs revision"                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     relies solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "temperature": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "number",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 0,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "maximum": 1                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "minimal",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "max"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "continuation_id": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "images": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional images for visual context. MUST be absolute paths or base64. Use when user mentions    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     images. Describe image contents. "                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     OPENAI_API_KEY is configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n-          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context) - Fastest, cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Logical problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the most complex problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sparingly for critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n-           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Advanced reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with reasoning support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n-        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     large context window",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt4.1",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-pro",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4mini"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ]                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "problem_context": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Additional context about problem/goal. Be expressive."                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "focus_areas": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Focus aspects (architecture, performance, security, etc.)"                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "title": "ThinkdeepRequest"                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "planner",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Breaks down complex tasks through interactive, sequential planning with revision and branching        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     capabilities. Use for complex project planning, system design, migration strategies, and architectural decisions. Builds plans  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     incrementally with deep reflection for complex scenarios.",                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Your current planning step content. Step 1: Describe the task/problem to plan in detail for     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     breakdown. Subsequent steps: Provide planning content (steps, revisions, questions, approach changes, etc.)."                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current step number in work sequence (starts at 1)"                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Estimated total steps needed to complete work"                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Whether another work step is needed. When false, aim to reduce total_steps to match step_number \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     to avoid mismatch."                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     relies solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "continuation_id": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     OPENAI_API_KEY is configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n-          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context) - Fastest, cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Logical problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the most complex problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sparingly for critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n-           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Advanced reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with reasoning support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n-        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     large context window",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt4.1",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-pro",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4mini"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ]                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "is_step_revision": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "True if this step revises/replaces a previous step"                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "revises_step_number": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "If is_step_revision is true, which step number is being revised"                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "is_branch_point": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "True if this step branches from a previous step to explore alternatives"                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "branch_from_step": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "If is_branch_point is true, which step number is the branching point"                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "branch_id": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Identifier for the current branch (e.g., 'approach-A', 'microservices-path')"                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "more_steps_needed": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "True if more steps are needed beyond the initial estimate"                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "title": "PlannerRequest"                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "consensus",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Builds multi-model consensus through systematic analysis and structured debate. Use for complex       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions, architectural choices, feature proposals, and technology evaluations. Consults multiple models with different        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     stances to synthesize comprehensive recommendations.",                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The core question for consensus. Step 1: Provide the EXACT proposal for all models to evaluate. \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     CRITICAL: This text is sent to all models and must be a clear question, not a self-referential statement (e.g., use             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'Evaluate...' not 'I will evaluate...'). Steps 2+: Internal notes on the last model's response; this is NOT sent to other       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     models."                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The index of the current step in the consensus workflow, beginning at 1. Step 1 is your         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analysis, steps 2+ are for processing individual model responses."                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Total number of steps needed. This equals the number of models to consult. Step 1 includes your \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analysis + first model consultation on return of the call. Final step includes last model consultation + synthesis."            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Set to true if more models need to be consulted. False when ready for final synthesis."         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Your analysis of the consensus topic. Step 1: Your independent, comprehensive analysis of the   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     proposal. CRITICAL: This is for the final synthesis and is NOT sent to the other models. Steps 2+: A summary of the key points  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     from the most recent model's response."                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_files": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Files that are relevant to the consensus analysis. Include files that help understand the       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     proposal, provide context, or contain implementation details."                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     relies solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "continuation_id": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "images": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional list of image paths or base64 data URLs for visual context. Useful for UI/UX           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     discussions, architecture diagrams, mockups, or any visual references that help inform the consensus analysis."                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     OPENAI_API_KEY is configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n-          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context) - Fastest, cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Logical problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the most complex problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sparingly for critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n-           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Advanced reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with reasoning support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n-        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     large context window",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt4.1",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-pro",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4mini"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ]                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "models": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "object",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "properties": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "model": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                           "type": "string"                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         \},                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "stance": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                           "type": "string",                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                           "enum": [                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                             "for",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                             "against",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                             "neutral"                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                           ],                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                           "default": "neutral"                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         \},                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "stance_prompt": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                           "type": "string"                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         \}                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       \},                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "required": [                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "model"                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       ]                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "List of model configurations to consult. Each can have a model name, stance                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (for/against/neutral), and optional custom stance prompt. The same model can be used multiple times with different stances, but \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     each model + stance combination must be unique. Example: [\{'model': 'o3', 'stance': 'for'\}, \{'model': 'o3', 'stance':           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'against'\}, \{'model': 'flash', 'stance': 'neutral'\}]"                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "current_model_index": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 0,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Internal tracking of which model is being consulted (0-based index). Used to determine which    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     model to call next."                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model_responses": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "object"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Accumulated responses from models consulted so far. Internal field for tracking progress."      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "title": "ConsensusRequest"                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "codereview",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Performs systematic, step-by-step code review with expert validation. Use for comprehensive analysis  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     covering quality, security, performance, and architecture. Guides through structured investigation to ensure thoroughness.",    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Review plan. Step 1: State strategy. Later: Report findings. MUST examine quality, security,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance, architecture. Use 'relevant_files' for code. NO large snippets."                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current step index in review sequence (starts at 1). Build upon previous steps."                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Estimated steps needed to complete the review. IMPORTANT: For external validation, max 2 steps. \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     For internal validation, use 1 step. When continuation_id is provided (continuing a previous conversation), set to 2 max for    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     external, 1 for internal."                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "True to continue with another step, False when review is complete. CRITICAL for external        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     validation: Set to True on step 1, then False on step 2. For internal validation: Set to False immediately. When                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuation_id is provided: Follow the same rules based on validation type."                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Discoveries: quality, security, performance, architecture. Document positive+negative. Update   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     in later steps."                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "files_checked": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "All examined files (absolute paths), including ruled-out ones."                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_files": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Step 1: All files/dirs for review. Final: Subset with key findings (issues, patterns,           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions)."                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_context": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "issues_found": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "object"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Issues with 'severity' (critical/high/medium/low) and 'description'. Vulnerabilities,           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance, quality."                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "confidence": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "exploring",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "very_high",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "almost_certain",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "certain"                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Confidence level: exploring (just starting), low (early investigation), medium (some evidence), \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     high (strong evidence), very_high (comprehensive understanding), almost_certain (near complete confidence), certain (100%       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     confidence locally - no external validation needed)"                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Step number to backtrack from if revision needed."                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     relies solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "temperature": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "number",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 0,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "maximum": 1                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "minimal",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "max"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "continuation_id": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "images": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional diagrams, mockups, visuals for review context (absolute paths). Include if materially  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     helpful."                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     OPENAI_API_KEY is configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n-          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context) - Fastest, cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Logical problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the most complex problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sparingly for critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n-           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Advanced reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with reasoning support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n-        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     large context window",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt4.1",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-pro",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4mini"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ]                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "review_validation_type": \{                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "external",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "internal"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": "external",                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "'external' (default, expert model) or 'internal' (no expert). Default external unless user      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     specifies."                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "review_type": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "full",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "security",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "performance",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "quick"                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": "full",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Review type: full, security, performance, quick."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "focus_on": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Specific aspects or context for areas of concern."                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "standards": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Coding standards to enforce."                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "severity_filter": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "critical",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "all"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": "all",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Minimum severity to report."                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "title": "CodereviewRequest"                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "precommit",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Validates git changes and repository state before committing with systematic analysis. Use for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     multi-repository validation, security review, change impact assessment, and completeness verification. Guides through           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     structured investigation with expert analysis.",                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Validation plan. Step 1: State strategy. Later: Report findings. MUST examine git changes,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analyze impacts. Use 'relevant_files' for code. NO large snippets."                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current step index in pre-commit sequence (starts at 1). Build upon previous steps."            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 3,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Estimated steps needed to complete validation. IMPORTANT: For external validation, use max 3    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     steps. For internal validation, use 1 step. When continuation_id is provided (continuing a previous conversation), set to 3 max \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for external, 1 for internal."                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "True to continue with another step, False when validation is complete. CRITICAL: If             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     total_steps>=3, set to True until the final step. When continuation_id is provided: Follow the same validation rules based on   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     precommit_type."                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Discoveries: git diffs, modifications, issues (bugs, missing tests, security). Document         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     positive+concerns. Update in later steps."                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "files_checked": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "All examined files (absolute paths), including ruled-out ones."                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_files": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Files with changes or relevant to validation (absolute paths). Modified files, config, tests,   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     docs."                                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_context": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "issues_found": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "object"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Issues with 'severity' (critical/high/medium/low) and 'description'. Bugs, security,            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance."                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "confidence": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "exploring",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "very_high",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "almost_certain",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "certain"                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Confidence level: exploring (just starting), low (early investigation), medium (some evidence), \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     high (strong evidence), very_high (comprehensive understanding), almost_certain (near complete confidence), certain (100%       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     confidence locally - no external validation needed)"                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Step number to backtrack from if revision needed."                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     relies solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "temperature": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "number",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 0,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "maximum": 1                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "minimal",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "max"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "continuation_id": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "images": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional screenshots/visuals for validation (absolute paths)."                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     OPENAI_API_KEY is configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n-          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context) - Fastest, cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Logical problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the most complex problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sparingly for critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n-           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Advanced reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with reasoning support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n-        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     large context window",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt4.1",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-pro",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4mini"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ]                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "precommit_type": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "external",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "internal"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": "external",                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "'external' (default, expert review) or 'internal' (local only). Default external unless user    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     specifies."                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "path": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Starting path for git repos (FULL absolute path). REQUIRED step 1."                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "compare_to": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional git ref (branch/tag/commit) to compare. Checks remotes if needed. Without: checks      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     staged/unstaged."                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "include_staged": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Analyze staged changes. Ignored if 'compare_to' provided."                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "include_unstaged": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Analyze unstaged changes. Ignored if 'compare_to' provided."                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "focus_on": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Focus aspects: security, performance, test coverage."                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "severity_filter": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "critical",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "all"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": "all",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Minimum severity to report."                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "title": "PrecommitRequest"                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "debug",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Performs systematic debugging and root cause analysis for any type of issue. Use for complex bugs,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     mysterious errors, performance issues, race conditions, memory leaks, and integration problems. Guides through structured       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     investigation with hypothesis testing and expert analysis.",                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Investigation step. Step 1: State issue+direction. Symptoms misleading; 'no bug' valid. Trace   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     dependencies, verify hypotheses. Use relevant_files for code; this for text only."                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current step index (starts at 1). Build upon previous steps."                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Estimated total steps needed to complete the investigation. Adjust as new findings emerge.      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     IMPORTANT: When continuation_id is provided (continuing a previous conversation), set this to 1 as we're not starting a new     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     multi-step investigation."                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "True if you plan to continue the investigation with another step. False means root cause is     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     known or investigation is complete. IMPORTANT: When continuation_id is provided (continuing a previous conversation), set this  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     to False to immediately proceed with expert analysis."                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Discoveries: clues, code/log evidence, disproven theories. Be specific. If no bug found,        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     document clearly as valid."                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "files_checked": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "All examined files (absolute paths), including ruled-out ones."                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_files": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Files directly relevant to issue (absolute paths). Cause, trigger, or manifestation locations." \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_context": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "issues_found": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "object"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Issues identified with severity levels during work"                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "confidence": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "exploring",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "very_high",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "almost_certain",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "certain"                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Your confidence in the hypothesis: exploring (starting out), low (early idea), medium (some     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     evidence), high (strong evidence), very_high (very strong evidence), almost_certain (nearly confirmed), certain (100%           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     confidence - root cause and fix are both confirmed locally with no need for external validation). WARNING: Do NOT use 'certain' \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unless the issue can be fully resolved with a fix, use 'very_high' or 'almost_certain' instead when not 100% sure. Using        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'certain' means you have ABSOLUTE confidence locally and PREVENTS external model validation."                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Concrete root cause theory from evidence. Can revise. Valid: 'No bug found - user               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     misunderstanding' or 'Symptoms unrelated to code' if supported."                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Step number to backtrack from if revision needed."                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     relies solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "temperature": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "number",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 0,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "maximum": 1                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "minimal",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "max"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "continuation_id": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "images": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional screenshots/visuals clarifying issue (absolute paths)."                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     OPENAI_API_KEY is configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n-          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context) - Fastest, cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Logical problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the most complex problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sparingly for critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n-           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Advanced reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with reasoning support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n-        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     large context window",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt4.1",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-pro",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4mini"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ]                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "title": "DebugRequest"                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "secaudit",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Performs comprehensive security audit with systematic vulnerability assessment. Use for OWASP Top 10  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analysis, compliance evaluation, threat modeling, and security architecture review. Guides through structured security          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     investigation with expert validation.",                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Audit plan. Step 1: State strategy. Later: Report findings. MANDATORY: Systematic approach      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (OWASP Top 10, auth, validation). Use 'relevant_files'. NO large code."                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current step in audit sequence (starts at 1)."                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Estimated steps for audit. Adjust as findings emerge."                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "True to continue. False when ALL threats uncovered, ready for validation."                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Discoveries: vulnerabilities, auth issues, validation gaps, compliance. Document positives and  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     concerns. Update past findings."                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "files_checked": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "All files examined (absolute paths). Include ruled-out files."                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_files": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Step 1: Files to audit (absolute paths). Final: Files with security issues, auth modules,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     config files."                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_context": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "issues_found": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "object"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Security issues as dict: 'severity' (critical/high/medium/low), 'description'. Include          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     vulnerabilities, auth flaws, injection, crypto weakness, config issues."                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "confidence": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "exploring",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "very_high",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "almost_certain",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "certain"                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "exploring/low/medium/high/very_high/almost_certain/certain. CRITICAL: 'certain' PREVENTS        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     external validation."                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Step number to backtrack from if revision needed."                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     relies solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "temperature": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "number",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 0,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "maximum": 1                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "minimal",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "max"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "continuation_id": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "images": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional: Architecture diagrams, security models, threat models (absolute paths). Only if       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     assists security assessment."                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     OPENAI_API_KEY is configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n-          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context) - Fastest, cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Logical problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the most complex problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sparingly for critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n-           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Advanced reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with reasoning support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n-        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     large context window",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt4.1",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-pro",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4mini"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ]                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "security_scope": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Security context (web/mobile/API/enterprise/cloud). Include stack, user types, data             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sensitivity, threat landscape. This helps focus the security assessment appropriately."                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "threat_level": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "critical"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": "medium",                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Assess the threat level based on application context: 'low' (internal tools, low-risk data),    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'medium' (customer-facing, business data), 'high' (financial, healthcare, regulated industry), 'critical' (payment processing,  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sensitive personal data). This guides prioritization."                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "compliance_requirements": \{                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "List applicable compliance frameworks and security standards (SOC2, PCI DSS, HIPAA, GDPR, ISO   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     27001, NIST). Include industry-specific requirements that affect security controls."                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "audit_focus": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "owasp",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "compliance",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "infrastructure",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "dependencies",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "comprehensive"                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": "comprehensive",                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Primary security focus areas for this audit (owasp, compliance, infrastructure, dependencies)"  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "severity_filter": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "critical",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "all"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": "all",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Minimum severity level to report on the security issues found"                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "title": "SecauditRequest"                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "docgen",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Generates comprehensive code documentation with systematic analysis of functions, classes, and        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity. Use for documentation generation, code analysis, complexity assessment, and API documentation. Analyzes code        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     structure and patterns to create thorough documentation.",                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current work step content and findings from your overall work"                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current step number in work sequence (starts at 1)"                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Estimated total steps needed to complete work"                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Whether another work step is needed. When false, aim to reduce total_steps to match step_number \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     to avoid mismatch."                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Important findings, evidence and insights discovered in this step"                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_files": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Files identified as relevant to issue/goal (FULL absolute paths to real files/folders - DO NOT  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     SHORTEN)"                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_context": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "issues_found": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "object"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Issues identified with severity levels during work"                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     relies solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "continuation_id": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "document_complexity": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Whether to include algorithmic complexity (Big O) analysis in function/method documentation.    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Default: true. When enabled, analyzes and documents the computational complexity of algorithms."                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "document_flow": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Whether to include call flow and dependency information in documentation. Default: true. When   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     enabled, documents which methods this function calls and which methods call this function."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "update_existing": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Whether to update existing documentation when it's found to be incorrect or incomplete.         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Default: true. When enabled, improves existing docs rather than just adding new ones."                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "comments_on_complex_logic": \{                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Whether to add inline comments around complex logic within functions. Default: true. When       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     enabled, adds explanatory comments for non-obvious algorithmic steps."                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "num_files_documented": \{                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": 0,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 0,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Counter for fully documented files. Starts at 0. Increment only when a file is 100% complete.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     CRITICAL: Must equal 'total_files_to_document' to finish."                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_files_to_document": \{                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": 0,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 0,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Counter for total files needing documentation. Set in step 1 during discovery. This is the      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     completion target for the 'num_files_documented' counter."                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "document_complexity",                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "document_flow",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "update_existing",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "comments_on_complex_logic",                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "num_files_documented",                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_files_to_document"                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "title": "DocgenRequest"                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "analyze",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Performs comprehensive code analysis with systematic investigation and expert validation. Use for     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     architecture, performance, maintainability, and pattern analysis. Guides through structured code review and strategic           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     planning.",                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The analysis plan. Step 1: State your strategy, including how you will map the codebase         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     structure, understand business logic, and assess code quality, performance implications, and architectural patterns. Later      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     steps: Report findings and adapt the approach as new insights emerge."                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The index of the current step in the analysis sequence, beginning at 1. Each step should build  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     upon or revise the previous one."                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Your current estimate for how many steps will be needed to complete the analysis. Adjust as new \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     findings emerge."                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Set to true if you plan to continue the investigation with another step. False means you        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     believe the analysis is complete and ready for expert validation."                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Summary of discoveries from this step, including architectural patterns, tech stack assessment, \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     scalability characteristics, performance implications, maintainability factors, and strategic improvement opportunities.        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     IMPORTANT: Document both strengths (good patterns, solid architecture) and concerns (tech debt, overengineering, unnecessary    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity). In later steps, confirm or update past findings with additional evidence."                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "files_checked": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "List all files examined (absolute paths). Include even ruled-out files to track exploration     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     path."                                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_files": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Subset of files_checked directly relevant to analysis findings (absolute paths). Include files  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with significant patterns, architectural decisions, or strategic improvement opportunities."                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_context": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "issues_found": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "object"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Issues or concerns identified during analysis, each with severity level (critical, high,        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     medium, low)"                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "If an earlier finding needs revision, specify the step number to backtrack from."               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     relies solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "temperature": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "number",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 0,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "maximum": 1                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "minimal",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "max"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "continuation_id": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "images": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional absolute paths to architecture diagrams or visual references that help with analysis   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context."                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     OPENAI_API_KEY is configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n-          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context) - Fastest, cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Logical problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the most complex problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sparingly for critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n-           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Advanced reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with reasoning support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n-        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     large context window",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt4.1",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-pro",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4mini"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ]                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "confidence": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "exploring",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "very_high",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "almost_certain",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "certain"                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Your confidence in the analysis: exploring, low, medium, high, very_high, almost_certain, or    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     certain. 'certain' indicates the analysis is complete and ready for validation."                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "analysis_type": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "architecture",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "performance",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "security",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "quality",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "general"                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": "general",                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Type of analysis to perform (architecture, performance, security, quality, general)"            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "output_format": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "summary",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "detailed",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "actionable"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": "detailed",                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "How to format the output (summary, detailed, actionable)"                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "title": "AnalyzeRequest"                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "refactor",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Analyzes code for refactoring opportunities with systematic investigation. Use for code smell         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     detection, decomposition planning, modernization, and maintainability improvements. Guides through structured analysis with     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     expert validation.",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The refactoring plan. Step 1: State strategy. Later steps: Report findings. CRITICAL: Examine   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     code for smells, and opportunities for decomposition, modernization, and organization. Use 'relevant_files' for code.           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     FORBIDDEN: Large code snippets."                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The index of the current step in the refactoring investigation sequence, beginning at 1. Each   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     step should build upon or revise the previous one."                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Your current estimate for how many steps will be needed to complete the refactoring             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     investigation. Adjust as new opportunities emerge."                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Set to true if you plan to continue the investigation with another step. False means you        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     believe the refactoring analysis is complete and ready for expert validation."                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Summary of discoveries from this step, including code smells and opportunities for              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decomposition, modernization, or organization. Document both strengths and weaknesses. In later steps, confirm or update past   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     findings."                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "files_checked": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "List all files examined (absolute paths). Include even ruled-out files to track exploration     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     path."                                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_files": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Subset of files_checked with code requiring refactoring (absolute paths). Include files with    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     code smells, decomposition needs, or improvement opportunities."                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_context": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "issues_found": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "object"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Refactoring opportunities as dictionaries with 'severity' (critical/high/medium/low), 'type'    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (codesmells/decompose/modernize/organization), and 'description'. Include all improvement opportunities found."                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "confidence": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "exploring",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "incomplete",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "partial",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "complete"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": "incomplete",                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Your confidence in refactoring analysis: exploring (starting), incomplete (significant work     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     remaining), partial (some opportunities found, more analysis needed), complete (comprehensive analysis finished, all major      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     opportunities identified). WARNING: Use 'complete' ONLY when fully analyzed and can provide recommendations without expert      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     help. 'complete' PREVENTS expert validation. Use 'partial' for large files or uncertain analysis."                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "If an earlier finding needs revision, specify the step number to backtrack from."               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     relies solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "temperature": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "number",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 0,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "maximum": 1                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "minimal",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "max"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "continuation_id": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "images": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional list of absolute paths to architecture diagrams, UI mockups, design documents, or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     visual references that help with refactoring context. Only include if they materially assist understanding or assessment."      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     OPENAI_API_KEY is configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n-          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context) - Fastest, cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Logical problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the most complex problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sparingly for critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n-           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Advanced reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with reasoning support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n-        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     large context window",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt4.1",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-pro",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4mini"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ]                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "refactor_type": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "codesmells",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "decompose",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "modernize",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "organization"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": "codesmells",                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Type of refactoring analysis to perform (codesmells, decompose, modernize, organization)"       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "focus_areas": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Specific areas to focus on (e.g., 'performance', 'readability', 'maintainability', 'security')" \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "style_guide_examples": \{                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional existing code files to use as style/pattern reference (must be FULL absolute paths to  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     real files / folders - DO NOT SHORTEN). These files represent the target coding style and patterns for the project."            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "title": "RefactorRequest"                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "tracer",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Performs systematic code tracing with modes for execution flow or dependency mapping. Use for method  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     execution analysis, call chain tracing, dependency mapping, and architectural understanding. Supports precision mode (execution \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     flow) and dependencies mode (structural relationships).",                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current work step content and findings from your overall work"                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current step number in work sequence (starts at 1)"                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Estimated total steps needed to complete work"                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Whether another work step is needed. When false, aim to reduce total_steps to match step_number \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     to avoid mismatch."                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Important findings, evidence and insights discovered in this step"                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "files_checked": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "List of files examined during this work step"                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_files": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Files identified as relevant to issue/goal (FULL absolute paths to real files/folders - DO NOT  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     SHORTEN)"                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_context": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "confidence": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "exploring",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "very_high",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "almost_certain",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "certain"                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Confidence level: exploring (just starting), low (early investigation), medium (some evidence), \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     high (strong evidence), very_high (comprehensive understanding), almost_certain (near complete confidence), certain (100%       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     confidence locally - no external validation needed)"                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     relies solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "continuation_id": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "images": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional paths to architecture diagrams or flow charts that help understand the tracing         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context."                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     OPENAI_API_KEY is configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n-          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context) - Fastest, cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Logical problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the most complex problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sparingly for critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n-           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Advanced reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with reasoning support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n-        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     large context window",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt4.1",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-pro",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4mini"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ]                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "trace_mode": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "precision",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "dependencies",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "ask"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Type of tracing: 'ask' (default - prompts user to choose mode), 'precision' (execution flow) or \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'dependencies' (structural relationships)"                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "target_description": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Description of what to trace and WHY. Include context about what you're trying to understand or \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analyze."                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "target_description",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "trace_mode",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "title": "TracerRequest"                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "testgen",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Creates comprehensive test suites with edge case coverage for specific functions, classes, or         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     modules. Analyzes code paths, identifies failure modes, and generates framework-specific tests. Be specific about scope -       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     target particular components rather than testing everything.",                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The test plan for this step. Step 1: State strategy for analyzing code structure, business      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     logic, critical paths, and edge cases. Later steps: Report findings and adapt as new test scenarios are identified."            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The index of the current step in the test generation sequence, beginning at 1. Each step should \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     build upon or revise the previous one."                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Your current estimate for how many steps will be needed to complete the test generation         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analysis. Adjust as new findings emerge."                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Set to true if you plan to continue the investigation with another step. False means you        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     believe the test generation analysis is complete and ready for expert validation."                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Summary of discoveries about the code being tested. Include analysis of functionality, critical \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     paths, edge cases, boundary conditions, and error handling. IMPORTANT: Document both happy paths and failure modes. Identify    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     existing test patterns. In later steps, confirm or update past findings."                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "files_checked": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "List all files examined (absolute paths). Include even ruled-out files to track exploration     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     path."                                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_files": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Subset of files_checked containing code needing tests (absolute paths). Include implementation  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     files, interfaces, dependencies, or existing test examples."                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "relevant_context": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "issues_found": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "object"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Issues identified with severity levels during work"                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "confidence": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "exploring",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "very_high",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "almost_certain",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "certain"                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Indicate your current confidence in the test generation assessment. Use: 'exploring' (starting  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analysis), 'low' (early investigation), 'medium' (some patterns identified), 'high' (strong understanding), 'very_high' (very   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     strong understanding), 'almost_certain' (nearly complete test plan), 'certain' (100% confidence - test plan is thoroughly       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complete and all test scenarios are identified with no need for external model validation). Do NOT use 'certain' unless the     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     test generation analysis is comprehensively complete, use 'very_high' or 'almost_certain' instead if not 100% sure. Using       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'certain' means you have complete confidence locally and prevents external model validation."                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "integer",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 1,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "If an earlier finding needs revision, specify the step number to backtrack from."               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true,                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     relies solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "temperature": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "number",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimum": 0,                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "maximum": 1                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "minimal",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "low",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "medium",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "high",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "max"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ],                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "default": true                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "continuation_id": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "images": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "array",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "items": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional list of absolute paths to architecture diagrams, flow charts, or visual documentation  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     that help understand the code structure and test requirements. Only include if they materially assist test planning."           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     OPENAI_API_KEY is configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n-          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context) - Fastest, cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Logical problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the most complex problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sparingly for critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n-           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Advanced reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with reasoning support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n-        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     large context window",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "enum": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt4.1",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "gpt5nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3-pro",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o3mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "o4mini"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ]                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "step_number",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "total_steps",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "next_step_required",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "findings",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "title": "TestgenRequest"                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "challenge",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Prevents reflexive agreement when users challenge responses by forcing critical thinking and reasoned \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analysis. Trigger automatically when users critically question, disagree with, or appear to challenge previous statements in    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ongoing conversations. Promotes truth-seeking over compliance by ensuring thoughtful evaluation rather than automatic           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     agreement.",                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "prompt": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "The user's message or statement to analyze critically. When manually invoked with 'challenge',  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exclude that prefix - just pass the actual content. For automatic invocations (see tool description for conditions), pass the   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     user's complete message unchanged."                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": [                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "prompt"                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "listmodels",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Shows which AI model providers are configured, available model names, their aliases and               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     capabilities.",                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Model to use (ignored by listmodels tool)"                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": []                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \{                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "name": "version",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": "Get server version, configuration details, and list of available tools.",                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "model": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Model to use (ignored by version tool)"                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "required": []                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           ]                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       ],                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       "abortSignal": \{\}                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     \}                                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [OpenAI] Model gpt-5 only supports default temperature (1), excluding custom temperature from request                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [OpenAI Provider] Tools before conversion: [                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "functionDeclarations": [                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "list_directory",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Lists the names of files and subdirectories directly within a specified directory path. Can optionally  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ignore entries matching provided glob patterns.",                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "path": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The absolute path to the directory to list (must be absolute, not relative)",                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "ignore": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "List of glob patterns to ignore",                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array"                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "file_filtering_options": \{                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional: Whether to respect ignore patterns from .gitignore or .geminiignore",                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "object",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "properties": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "respect_git_ignore": \{                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "description": "Optional: Whether to respect .gitignore patterns when listing files. Only available in git    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     repositories. Defaults to true.",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "boolean"                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "respect_gemini_ignore": \{                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "description": "Optional: Whether to respect .geminiignore patterns when listing files. Defaults to true.",   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "boolean"                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \}                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "path"                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "read_file",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Reads and returns the content of a specified file. If the file is large, the content will be truncated. \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     The tool's response will clearly indicate if truncation has occurred and will provide details on how to read more of the file   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     using the 'offset' and 'limit' parameters. Handles text, images (PNG, JPG, GIF, WEBP, SVG, BMP), and PDF files. For text files, \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     it can read specific line ranges.",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "absolute_path": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The absolute path to the file to read (e.g., '/home/user/project/file.txt'). Relative paths are   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     not supported. You must provide an absolute path.",                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "offset": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional: For text files, the 0-based line number to start reading from. Requires 'limit' to be   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     set. Use for paginating through large files.",                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "number"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "limit": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional: For text files, maximum number of lines to read. Use with 'offset' to paginate through  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     large files. If omitted, reads the entire file (if feasible, up to a default limit).",                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "number"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "absolute_path"                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "search_file_content",                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Searches for a regular expression pattern within the content of files in a specified directory (or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     current working directory). Can filter files by a glob pattern. Returns the lines containing matches, along with their file     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     paths and line numbers.",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "pattern": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The regular expression (regex) pattern to search for within file contents (e.g.,                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'function\\\\s+myFunction', 'import\\\\s+\\\\\{.*\\\\\}\\\\s+from\\\\s+.*').",                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "path": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional: The absolute path to the directory to search within. If omitted, searches the current   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     working directory.",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "include": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional: A glob pattern to filter which files are searched (e.g., '*.js', '*.\{ts,tsx\}',          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'src/**'). If omitted, searches all files (respecting potential global ignores).",                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "pattern"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "glob",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Efficiently finds files matching specific glob patterns (e.g., `src/**/*.ts`, `**/*.md`), returning     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     absolute paths sorted by modification time (newest first). Ideal for quickly locating files based on their name or path         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     structure, especially in large codebases.",                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "pattern": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The glob pattern to match against (e.g., '**/*.py', 'docs/*.md').",                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "path": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional: The absolute path to the directory to search within. If omitted, searches the root      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     directory.",                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "case_sensitive": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional: Whether the search should be case-sensitive. Defaults to false.",                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean"                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "respect_git_ignore": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional: Whether to respect .gitignore patterns when finding files. Only available in git        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     repositories. Defaults to true.",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean"                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "pattern"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "replace",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Replaces text within a file. By default, replaces a single occurrence, but can replace multiple         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     occurrences when `expected_replacements` is specified. This tool requires providing significant context around the change to    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ensure precise targeting. Always use the read_file tool to examine the file's current content before attempting a text          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     replacement.\\n\\n      The user has the ability to modify the `new_string` content. If modified, this will be stated in the      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     response.\\n\\nExpectation for required parameters:\\n1. `file_path` MUST be an absolute path; otherwise an error will be          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     thrown.\\n2. `old_string` MUST be the exact literal text to replace (including all whitespace, indentation, newlines, and        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     surrounding code etc.).\\n3. `new_string` MUST be the exact literal text to replace `old_string` with (also including all        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     whitespace, indentation, newlines, and surrounding code etc.). Ensure the resulting code is correct and idiomatic.\\n4. NEVER    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     escape `old_string` or `new_string`, that would break the exact literal text requirement.\\n**Important:** If ANY of the above   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     are not satisfied, the tool will fail. CRITICAL for `old_string`: Must uniquely identify the single instance to change. Include \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     at least 3 lines of context BEFORE and AFTER the target text, matching whitespace and indentation precisely. If this string     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     matches multiple locations, or does not match exactly, the tool will fail.\\n**Multiple replacements:** Set                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `expected_replacements` to the number of occurrences you want to replace. The tool will replace ALL occurrences that match      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `old_string` exactly. Ensure the number of replacements matches your expectation.",                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "file_path": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The absolute path to the file to modify. Must start with '/'.",                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "old_string": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The exact literal text to replace, preferably unescaped. For single replacements (default),       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     include at least 3 lines of context BEFORE and AFTER the target text, matching whitespace and indentation precisely. For        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     multiple replacements, specify expected_replacements parameter. If this string is not the exact literal text (i.e. you escaped  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     it) or does not match exactly, the tool will fail.",                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "new_string": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The exact literal text to replace `old_string` with, preferably unescaped. Provide the EXACT      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     text. Ensure the resulting code is correct and idiomatic.",                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "expected_replacements": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "number",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Number of replacements expected. Defaults to 1 if not specified. Use when you want to replace     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     multiple occurrences.",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "file_path",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "old_string",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "new_string"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "write_file",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Writes content to a specified file in the local filesystem.\\n\\n      The user has the ability to modify \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `content`. If modified, this will be stated in the response.",                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "file_path": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The absolute path to the file to write to (e.g., '/home/user/project/file.txt'). Relative paths   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     are not supported.",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "content": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The content to write to the file.",                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "file_path",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "content"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "web_fetch",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Processes content from URL(s), including local and private network addresses (e.g., localhost),         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     embedded in a prompt. Include up to 20 URLs and instructions (e.g., summarize, extract specific data) directly in the 'prompt'  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     parameter.",                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "prompt": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "A comprehensive prompt that includes the URL(s) (up to 20) to fetch and specific instructions on  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     how to process their content (e.g., \\"Summarize https://example.com/article and extract key points from                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     https://another.com/data\\"). Must contain as least one URL starting with http:// or https://.",                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "prompt"                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "read_many_files",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Reads content from multiple files specified by paths or glob patterns within a configured target        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     directory. For text files, it concatenates their content into a single string. It is primarily designed for text-based files.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     However, it can also process image (e.g., .png, .jpg) and PDF (.pdf) files if their file names or extensions are explicitly     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     included in the 'paths' argument. For these explicitly requested non-text files, their data is read and included in a format    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     suitable for model consumption (e.g., base64 encoded).\\n\\nThis tool is useful when you need to understand or analyze a          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     collection of files, such as:\\n- Getting an overview of a codebase or parts of it (e.g., all TypeScript files in the 'src'      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     directory).\\n- Finding where specific functionality is implemented if the user asks broad questions about code.\\n- Reviewing    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     documentation files (e.g., all Markdown files in the 'docs' directory).\\n- Gathering context from multiple configuration        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     files.\\n- When the user asks to \\"read all files in X directory\\" or \\"show me the content of all Y files\\".\\n\\nUse this tool   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     when the user's query implies needing the content of several files simultaneously for context, analysis, or summarization. For  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     text files, it uses default UTF-8 encoding and a '--- \{filePath\} ---' separator between file contents. The tool inserts a '---  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     End of content ---' after the last file. Ensure paths are relative to the target directory. Glob patterns like 'src/**/*.js'    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     are supported. Avoid using for single files if a more specific single-file reading tool is available, unless the user           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     specifically requests to process a list containing just one file via this tool. Other binary files (not explicitly requested as \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     image/PDF) are generally skipped. Default excludes apply to common non-text files (except for explicitly requested images/PDFs) \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     and large dependency directories unless 'useDefaultExcludes' is false.",                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "paths": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minLength": 1                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minItems": 1,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Required. An array of glob patterns or paths relative to the tool's target directory. Examples:   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ['src/**/*.ts'], ['README.md', 'docs/']"                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "include": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minLength": 1                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional. Additional glob patterns to include. These are merged with `paths`. Example:            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     \\"*.test.ts\\" to specifically add test files if they were broadly excluded.",                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": []                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "exclude": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minLength": 1                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional. Glob patterns for files/directories to exclude. Added to default excludes if            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     useDefaultExcludes is true. Example: \\"**/*.log\\", \\"temp/\\"",                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": []                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "recursive": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional. Whether to search recursively (primarily controlled by `**` in glob patterns). Defaults \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     to true.",                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "useDefaultExcludes": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional. Whether to apply a list of default exclusion patterns (e.g., node_modules, .git, binary \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     files). Defaults to true.",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "file_filtering_options": \{                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Whether to respect ignore patterns from .gitignore or .geminiignore",                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "object",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "properties": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "respect_git_ignore": \{                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "description": "Optional: Whether to respect .gitignore patterns when listing files. Only available in git    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     repositories. Defaults to true.",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "boolean"                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "respect_gemini_ignore": \{                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "description": "Optional: Whether to respect .geminiignore patterns when listing files. Defaults to true.",   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "boolean"                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \}                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "paths"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ]                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "run_shell_command",                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "This tool executes a given shell command as `bash -c <command>`. Command can start background processes \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     using `&`. Command is executed as a subprocess that leads its own process group. Command process group can be terminated as     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `kill -- -PGID` or signaled as `kill -s SIGNAL -- -PGID`.\\n\\n      The following information is returned:\\n\\n      Command:     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Executed command.\\n      Directory: Directory (relative to project root) where command was executed, or `(root)`.\\n             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Stdout: Output on stdout stream. Can be `(empty)` or partial on error and for any unwaited background processes.\\n      Stderr: \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Output on stderr stream. Can be `(empty)` or partial on error and for any unwaited background processes.\\n      Error: Error or \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `(none)` if no error was reported for the subprocess.\\n      Exit Code: Exit code or `(none)` if terminated by signal.\\n        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Signal: Signal number or `(none)` if no signal was received.\\n      Background PIDs: List of background processes started or    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `(none)`.\\n      Process Group PGID: Process group started or `(none)`",                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "command": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Exact bash command to execute as `bash -c <command>`"                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Brief description of the command for the user. Be specific and concise. Ideally a single          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sentence. Can be up to 3 sentences for clarity. No line breaks."                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "directory": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "(OPTIONAL) Directory to run the command in, if not the project root directory. Must be relative   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     to the project root directory and must already exist."                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "command"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ]                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "save_memory",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "\\nSaves a specific piece of information or fact to your long-term memory.\\n\\nUse this tool:\\n\\n- When   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the user explicitly asks you to remember something (e.g., \\"Remember that I like pineapple on pizza\\", \\"Please save this: my   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cat's name is Whiskers\\").\\n- When the user states a clear, concise fact about themselves, their preferences, or their          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     environment that seems important for you to retain for future interactions to provide a more personalized and effective         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     assistance.\\n\\nDo NOT use this tool:\\n\\n- To remember conversational context that is only relevant for the current session.\\n-  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     To save long, complex, or rambling pieces of text. The fact should be relatively short and to the point.\\n- If you are unsure   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     whether the information is a fact worth remembering long-term. If in doubt, you can ask the user, \\"Should I remember that for  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     you?\\"\\n\\n## Parameters\\n\\n- `fact` (string, required): The specific fact or piece of information to remember. This should be a \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     clear, self-contained statement. For example, if the user says \\"My favorite color is blue\\", the fact would be \\"My favorite   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     color is blue\\".\\n",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "fact": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The specific fact or piece of information to remember. Should be a clear, self-contained          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     statement."                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "fact"                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ]                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "google_web_search",                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Performs a web search using Google Search (via the Gemini API) and returns the results. This tool is    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     useful for finding information on the internet based on a query.",                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "query": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The search query to find information on the web."                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "query"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ]                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "resolve-library-id",                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Resolves a package/product name to a Context7-compatible library ID and returns a list of matching      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     libraries.\\n\\nYou MUST call this function before 'get-library-docs' to obtain a valid Context7-compatible library ID UNLESS the \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     user explicitly provides a library ID in the format '/org/project' or '/org/project/version' in their query.\\n\\nSelection       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Process:\\n1. Analyze the query to understand what library/package the user is looking for\\n2. Return the most relevant match    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     based on:\\n- Name similarity to the query (exact matches prioritized)\\n- Description relevance to the query's intent\\n-         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Documentation coverage (prioritize libraries with higher Code Snippet counts)\\n- Trust score (consider libraries with scores of \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     7-10 more authoritative)\\n\\nResponse Format:\\n- Return the selected library ID in a clearly marked section\\n- Provide a brief   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     explanation for why this library was chosen\\n- If multiple good matches exist, acknowledge this but proceed with the most       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     relevant one\\n- If no good matches exist, clearly state this and suggest query refinements\\n\\nFor ambiguous queries, request    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     clarification before proceeding with a best-guess match.",                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "libraryName": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Library name to search for and retrieve a Context7-compatible library ID."                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "libraryName"                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#"                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "get-library-docs",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Fetches up-to-date documentation for a library. You must call 'resolve-library-id' first to obtain the  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exact Context7-compatible library ID required to use this tool, UNLESS the user explicitly provides a library ID in the format  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     '/org/project' or '/org/project/version' in their query.",                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "context7CompatibleLibraryID": \{                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Exact Context7-compatible library ID (e.g., '/mongodb/docs', '/vercel/next.js',                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     '/supabase/supabase', '/vercel/next.js/v14.3.0-canary.87') retrieved from 'resolve-library-id' or directly from user query in   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the format '/org/project' or '/org/project/version'."                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "topic": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Topic to focus documentation on (e.g., 'hooks', 'routing')."                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "tokens": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "number",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Maximum number of tokens of documentation to retrieve (default: 10000). Higher values provide     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     more context but consume more tokens."                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "context7CompatibleLibraryID"                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#"                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "searchGitHub",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Find real-world code examples from over a million public GitHub repositories to help answer programming \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     questions.\\n\\n**IMPORTANT: This tool searches for literal code patterns (like grep), not keywords. Search for actual code that  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     would appear in files:**\\n- \u9989  Good: 'useState(', 'import React from', 'async function', '(?s)try \{.*await'\\n- \u10060  Bad: 'react   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     tutorial', 'best practices', 'how to use'\\n\\n**When to use this tool:**\\n- When implementing unfamiliar APIs or libraries and   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     need to see real usage patterns\\n- When unsure about correct syntax, parameters, or configuration for a specific library\\n-     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     When looking for production-ready examples and best practices for implementation\\n- When needing to understand how different    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     libraries or frameworks work together\\n\\n**Perfect for questions like:**\\n- \\"How do developers handle authentication in        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Next.js apps?\\" \u8594  Search: 'getServerSession' with language=['TypeScript', 'TSX']\\n- \\"What are common React error boundary      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     patterns?\\" \u8594  Search: 'ErrorBoundary' with language=['TSX']\\n- \\"Show me real useEffect cleanup examples\\" \u8594  Search:            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     '(?s)useEffect\\\\(\\\\(\\\\) => \{.*removeEventListener' with useRegexp=true\\n- \\"How do developers handle CORS in Flask              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     applications?\\" \u8594  Search: 'CORS(' with matchCase=true and language=['Python']\\n\\nUse regular expressions with useRegexp=true    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for flexible patterns like '(?s)useState\\\\(.*loading' to find useState hooks with loading-related variables. Prefix the pattern \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with '(?s)' to match across multiple lines.\\n\\nFilter by language, repository, or file path to narrow results.",                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "query": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The literal code pattern to search for (e.g., 'useState(', 'export function'). Use actual code    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     that would appear in files, not keywords or questions."                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "matchCase": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Whether the search should be case sensitive",                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": false                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "matchWholeWords": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Whether to match whole words only",                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": false                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "useRegexp": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Whether to interpret the query as a regular expression",                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": false                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "repo": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Filter by repository.\\n            Examples: 'facebook/react', 'microsoft/vscode', 'vercel/ai'.\\n \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Can match partial names, for example 'vercel/' will find repositories in the vercel org."                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "path": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Filter by file path.\\n            Examples: 'src/components/Button.tsx', 'README.md'.\\n           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Can match partial paths, for example '/route.ts' will find route.ts files at any level."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "language": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Filter by programming language.\\n            Examples: ['TypeScript', 'TSX'], ['JavaScript'],     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ['Python'], ['Java'], ['C#'], ['Markdown'], ['YAML']"                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "query"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#"                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "chat",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "General chat and collaborative thinking partner for brainstorming, development discussion, getting      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     second opinions, and exploring ideas. Use for bouncing ideas, validating approaches, asking questions, and getting              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     explanations. ",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "prompt": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Your question or idea for collaborative thinking. Provide detailed context, including your goal,  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     what you've tried, and any specific challenges. CRITICAL: To discuss code, provide file paths using the 'files' parameter       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     instead of pasting large code blocks here."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "files": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Absolute full-paths to existing files / folders for context. DO NOT SHORTEN."                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "images": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional images for visual context (must be FULL absolute paths to real files / folders - DO NOT  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     SHORTEN - OR these can be bas64 data)"                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt4.1",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "nano",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-pro",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4mini"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ]                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "temperature": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "number",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 0,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "maximum": 1                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimal",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "max"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "prompt",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ]                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "thinkdeep",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Performs multi-stage investigation and reasoning for complex problem analysis. Use for architecture     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions, complex bugs, performance challenges, and security analysis. Provides systematic hypothesis testing, evidence-based  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     investigation, and expert validation.",                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current work step content and findings from your overall work"                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current step number in work sequence (starts at 1)"                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Estimated total steps needed to complete work"                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Whether another work step is needed. When false, aim to reduce total_steps to match step_number   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     to avoid mismatch."                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Important findings, evidence and insights discovered in this step"                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "files_checked": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "List of files examined during this work step"                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Files identified as relevant to issue/goal (FULL absolute paths to real files/folders - DO NOT    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     SHORTEN)"                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_context": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "issues_found": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "object"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Issues identified with severity levels during work"                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "confidence": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "exploring",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "very_high",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "almost_certain",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "certain"                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Confidence level: exploring (just starting), low (early investigation), medium (some evidence),   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     high (strong evidence), very_high (comprehensive understanding), almost_certain (near complete confidence), certain (100%       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     confidence locally - no external validation needed)"                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Step number to backtrack from if work needs revision"                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "temperature": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "number",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 0,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "maximum": 1                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimal",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "max"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "images": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional images for visual context. MUST be absolute paths or base64. Use when user mentions      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     images. Describe image contents. "                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt4.1",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "nano",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-pro",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4mini"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ]                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "problem_context": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Additional context about problem/goal. Be expressive."                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "focus_areas": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Focus aspects (architecture, performance, security, etc.)"                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "title": "ThinkdeepRequest"                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "planner",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Breaks down complex tasks through interactive, sequential planning with revision and branching          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     capabilities. Use for complex project planning, system design, migration strategies, and architectural decisions. Builds plans  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     incrementally with deep reflection for complex scenarios.",                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Your current planning step content. Step 1: Describe the task/problem to plan in detail for       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     breakdown. Subsequent steps: Provide planning content (steps, revisions, questions, approach changes, etc.)."                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current step number in work sequence (starts at 1)"                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Estimated total steps needed to complete work"                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Whether another work step is needed. When false, aim to reduce total_steps to match step_number   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     to avoid mismatch."                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt4.1",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "nano",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-pro",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4mini"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ]                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "is_step_revision": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "True if this step revises/replaces a previous step"                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "revises_step_number": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "If is_step_revision is true, which step number is being revised"                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "is_branch_point": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "True if this step branches from a previous step to explore alternatives"                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "branch_from_step": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "If is_branch_point is true, which step number is the branching point"                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "branch_id": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Identifier for the current branch (e.g., 'approach-A', 'microservices-path')"                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "more_steps_needed": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "True if more steps are needed beyond the initial estimate"                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "title": "PlannerRequest"                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "consensus",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Builds multi-model consensus through systematic analysis and structured debate. Use for complex         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions, architectural choices, feature proposals, and technology evaluations. Consults multiple models with different        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     stances to synthesize comprehensive recommendations.",                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The core question for consensus. Step 1: Provide the EXACT proposal for all models to evaluate.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     CRITICAL: This text is sent to all models and must be a clear question, not a self-referential statement (e.g., use             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'Evaluate...' not 'I will evaluate...'). Steps 2+: Internal notes on the last model's response; this is NOT sent to other       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     models."                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The index of the current step in the consensus workflow, beginning at 1. Step 1 is your analysis, \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     steps 2+ are for processing individual model responses."                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Total number of steps needed. This equals the number of models to consult. Step 1 includes your   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analysis + first model consultation on return of the call. Final step includes last model consultation + synthesis."            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Set to true if more models need to be consulted. False when ready for final synthesis."           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Your analysis of the consensus topic. Step 1: Your independent, comprehensive analysis of the     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     proposal. CRITICAL: This is for the final synthesis and is NOT sent to the other models. Steps 2+: A summary of the key points  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     from the most recent model's response."                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Files that are relevant to the consensus analysis. Include files that help understand the         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     proposal, provide context, or contain implementation details."                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "images": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional list of image paths or base64 data URLs for visual context. Useful for UI/UX             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     discussions, architecture diagrams, mockups, or any visual references that help inform the consensus analysis."                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt4.1",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "nano",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-pro",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4mini"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ]                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "models": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "object",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "properties": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "model": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "type": "string"                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       \},                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "stance": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "type": "string",                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "enum": [                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                           "for",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                           "against",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                           "neutral"                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         ],                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "default": "neutral"                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       \},                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "stance_prompt": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "type": "string"                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       \}                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "required": [                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "model"                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     ]                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "List of model configurations to consult. Each can have a model name, stance                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (for/against/neutral), and optional custom stance prompt. The same model can be used multiple times with different stances, but \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     each model + stance combination must be unique. Example: [\{'model': 'o3', 'stance': 'for'\}, \{'model': 'o3', 'stance':           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'against'\}, \{'model': 'flash', 'stance': 'neutral'\}]"                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "current_model_index": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 0,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Internal tracking of which model is being consulted (0-based index). Used to determine which      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     model to call next."                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model_responses": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "object"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Accumulated responses from models consulted so far. Internal field for tracking progress."        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings"                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "title": "ConsensusRequest"                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "codereview",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Performs systematic, step-by-step code review with expert validation. Use for comprehensive analysis    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     covering quality, security, performance, and architecture. Guides through structured investigation to ensure thoroughness.",    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Review plan. Step 1: State strategy. Later: Report findings. MUST examine quality, security,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance, architecture. Use 'relevant_files' for code. NO large snippets."                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current step index in review sequence (starts at 1). Build upon previous steps."                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Estimated steps needed to complete the review. IMPORTANT: For external validation, max 2 steps.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     For internal validation, use 1 step. When continuation_id is provided (continuing a previous conversation), set to 2 max for    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     external, 1 for internal."                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "True to continue with another step, False when review is complete. CRITICAL for external          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     validation: Set to True on step 1, then False on step 2. For internal validation: Set to False immediately. When                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuation_id is provided: Follow the same rules based on validation type."                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Discoveries: quality, security, performance, architecture. Document positive+negative. Update in  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     later steps."                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "files_checked": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "All examined files (absolute paths), including ruled-out ones."                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Step 1: All files/dirs for review. Final: Subset with key findings (issues, patterns,             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions)."                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_context": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "issues_found": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "object"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Issues with 'severity' (critical/high/medium/low) and 'description'. Vulnerabilities,             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance, quality."                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "confidence": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "exploring",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "very_high",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "almost_certain",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "certain"                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Confidence level: exploring (just starting), low (early investigation), medium (some evidence),   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     high (strong evidence), very_high (comprehensive understanding), almost_certain (near complete confidence), certain (100%       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     confidence locally - no external validation needed)"                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Step number to backtrack from if revision needed."                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "temperature": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "number",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 0,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "maximum": 1                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimal",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "max"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "images": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional diagrams, mockups, visuals for review context (absolute paths). Include if materially    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     helpful."                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt4.1",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "nano",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-pro",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4mini"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ]                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "review_validation_type": \{                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "external",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "internal"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": "external",                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "'external' (default, expert model) or 'internal' (no expert). Default external unless user        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     specifies."                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "review_type": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "full",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "security",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "performance",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "quick"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": "full",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Review type: full, security, performance, quick."                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "focus_on": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Specific aspects or context for areas of concern."                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "standards": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Coding standards to enforce."                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "severity_filter": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "critical",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "all"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": "all",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Minimum severity to report."                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "title": "CodereviewRequest"                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "precommit",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Validates git changes and repository state before committing with systematic analysis. Use for          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     multi-repository validation, security review, change impact assessment, and completeness verification. Guides through           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     structured investigation with expert analysis.",                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Validation plan. Step 1: State strategy. Later: Report findings. MUST examine git changes,        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analyze impacts. Use 'relevant_files' for code. NO large snippets."                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current step index in pre-commit sequence (starts at 1). Build upon previous steps."              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 3,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Estimated steps needed to complete validation. IMPORTANT: For external validation, use max 3      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     steps. For internal validation, use 1 step. When continuation_id is provided (continuing a previous conversation), set to 3 max \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for external, 1 for internal."                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "True to continue with another step, False when validation is complete. CRITICAL: If               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     total_steps>=3, set to True until the final step. When continuation_id is provided: Follow the same validation rules based on   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     precommit_type."                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Discoveries: git diffs, modifications, issues (bugs, missing tests, security). Document           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     positive+concerns. Update in later steps."                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "files_checked": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "All examined files (absolute paths), including ruled-out ones."                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Files with changes or relevant to validation (absolute paths). Modified files, config, tests,     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     docs."                                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_context": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "issues_found": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "object"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Issues with 'severity' (critical/high/medium/low) and 'description'. Bugs, security,              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance."                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "confidence": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "exploring",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "very_high",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "almost_certain",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "certain"                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Confidence level: exploring (just starting), low (early investigation), medium (some evidence),   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     high (strong evidence), very_high (comprehensive understanding), almost_certain (near complete confidence), certain (100%       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     confidence locally - no external validation needed)"                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Step number to backtrack from if revision needed."                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "temperature": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "number",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 0,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "maximum": 1                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimal",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "max"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "images": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional screenshots/visuals for validation (absolute paths)."                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt4.1",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "nano",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-pro",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4mini"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ]                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "precommit_type": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "external",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "internal"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": "external",                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "'external' (default, expert review) or 'internal' (local only). Default external unless user      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     specifies."                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "path": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Starting path for git repos (FULL absolute path). REQUIRED step 1."                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "compare_to": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional git ref (branch/tag/commit) to compare. Checks remotes if needed. Without: checks        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     staged/unstaged."                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "include_staged": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Analyze staged changes. Ignored if 'compare_to' provided."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "include_unstaged": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Analyze unstaged changes. Ignored if 'compare_to' provided."                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "focus_on": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Focus aspects: security, performance, test coverage."                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "severity_filter": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "critical",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "all"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": "all",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Minimum severity to report."                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "title": "PrecommitRequest"                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "debug",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Performs systematic debugging and root cause analysis for any type of issue. Use for complex bugs,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     mysterious errors, performance issues, race conditions, memory leaks, and integration problems. Guides through structured       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     investigation with hypothesis testing and expert analysis.",                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Investigation step. Step 1: State issue+direction. Symptoms misleading; 'no bug' valid. Trace     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     dependencies, verify hypotheses. Use relevant_files for code; this for text only."                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current step index (starts at 1). Build upon previous steps."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Estimated total steps needed to complete the investigation. Adjust as new findings emerge.        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     IMPORTANT: When continuation_id is provided (continuing a previous conversation), set this to 1 as we're not starting a new     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     multi-step investigation."                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "True if you plan to continue the investigation with another step. False means root cause is known \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     or investigation is complete. IMPORTANT: When continuation_id is provided (continuing a previous conversation), set this to     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     False to immediately proceed with expert analysis."                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Discoveries: clues, code/log evidence, disproven theories. Be specific. If no bug found, document \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     clearly as valid."                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "files_checked": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "All examined files (absolute paths), including ruled-out ones."                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Files directly relevant to issue (absolute paths). Cause, trigger, or manifestation locations."   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_context": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "issues_found": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "object"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Issues identified with severity levels during work"                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "confidence": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "exploring",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "very_high",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "almost_certain",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "certain"                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Your confidence in the hypothesis: exploring (starting out), low (early idea), medium (some       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     evidence), high (strong evidence), very_high (very strong evidence), almost_certain (nearly confirmed), certain (100%           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     confidence - root cause and fix are both confirmed locally with no need for external validation). WARNING: Do NOT use 'certain' \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unless the issue can be fully resolved with a fix, use 'very_high' or 'almost_certain' instead when not 100% sure. Using        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'certain' means you have ABSOLUTE confidence locally and PREVENTS external model validation."                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Concrete root cause theory from evidence. Can revise. Valid: 'No bug found - user                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     misunderstanding' or 'Symptoms unrelated to code' if supported."                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Step number to backtrack from if revision needed."                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "temperature": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "number",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 0,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "maximum": 1                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimal",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "max"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "images": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional screenshots/visuals clarifying issue (absolute paths)."                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt4.1",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "nano",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-pro",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4mini"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ]                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "title": "DebugRequest"                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "secaudit",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Performs comprehensive security audit with systematic vulnerability assessment. Use for OWASP Top 10    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analysis, compliance evaluation, threat modeling, and security architecture review. Guides through structured security          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     investigation with expert validation.",                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Audit plan. Step 1: State strategy. Later: Report findings. MANDATORY: Systematic approach (OWASP \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Top 10, auth, validation). Use 'relevant_files'. NO large code."                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current step in audit sequence (starts at 1)."                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Estimated steps for audit. Adjust as findings emerge."                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "True to continue. False when ALL threats uncovered, ready for validation."                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Discoveries: vulnerabilities, auth issues, validation gaps, compliance. Document positives and    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     concerns. Update past findings."                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "files_checked": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "All files examined (absolute paths). Include ruled-out files."                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Step 1: Files to audit (absolute paths). Final: Files with security issues, auth modules, config  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     files."                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_context": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "issues_found": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "object"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Security issues as dict: 'severity' (critical/high/medium/low), 'description'. Include            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     vulnerabilities, auth flaws, injection, crypto weakness, config issues."                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "confidence": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "exploring",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "very_high",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "almost_certain",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "certain"                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "exploring/low/medium/high/very_high/almost_certain/certain. CRITICAL: 'certain' PREVENTS external \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     validation."                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Step number to backtrack from if revision needed."                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "temperature": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "number",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 0,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "maximum": 1                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimal",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "max"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "images": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional: Architecture diagrams, security models, threat models (absolute paths). Only if assists \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     security assessment."                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt4.1",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "nano",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-pro",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4mini"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ]                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "security_scope": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Security context (web/mobile/API/enterprise/cloud). Include stack, user types, data sensitivity,  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     threat landscape. This helps focus the security assessment appropriately."                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "threat_level": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "critical"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": "medium",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Assess the threat level based on application context: 'low' (internal tools, low-risk data),      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'medium' (customer-facing, business data), 'high' (financial, healthcare, regulated industry), 'critical' (payment processing,  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sensitive personal data). This guides prioritization."                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "compliance_requirements": \{                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "List applicable compliance frameworks and security standards (SOC2, PCI DSS, HIPAA, GDPR, ISO     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     27001, NIST). Include industry-specific requirements that affect security controls."                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "audit_focus": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "owasp",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "compliance",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "infrastructure",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "dependencies",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "comprehensive"                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": "comprehensive",                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Primary security focus areas for this audit (owasp, compliance, infrastructure, dependencies)"    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "severity_filter": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "critical",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "all"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": "all",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Minimum severity level to report on the security issues found"                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "title": "SecauditRequest"                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "docgen",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Generates comprehensive code documentation with systematic analysis of functions, classes, and          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity. Use for documentation generation, code analysis, complexity assessment, and API documentation. Analyzes code        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     structure and patterns to create thorough documentation.",                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current work step content and findings from your overall work"                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current step number in work sequence (starts at 1)"                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Estimated total steps needed to complete work"                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Whether another work step is needed. When false, aim to reduce total_steps to match step_number   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     to avoid mismatch."                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Important findings, evidence and insights discovered in this step"                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Files identified as relevant to issue/goal (FULL absolute paths to real files/folders - DO NOT    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     SHORTEN)"                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_context": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "issues_found": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "object"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Issues identified with severity levels during work"                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "document_complexity": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Whether to include algorithmic complexity (Big O) analysis in function/method documentation.      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Default: true. When enabled, analyzes and documents the computational complexity of algorithms."                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "document_flow": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Whether to include call flow and dependency information in documentation. Default: true. When     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     enabled, documents which methods this function calls and which methods call this function."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "update_existing": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Whether to update existing documentation when it's found to be incorrect or incomplete. Default:  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     true. When enabled, improves existing docs rather than just adding new ones."                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "comments_on_complex_logic": \{                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Whether to add inline comments around complex logic within functions. Default: true. When         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     enabled, adds explanatory comments for non-obvious algorithmic steps."                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "num_files_documented": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": 0,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 0,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Counter for fully documented files. Starts at 0. Increment only when a file is 100% complete.     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     CRITICAL: Must equal 'total_files_to_document' to finish."                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_files_to_document": \{                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": 0,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 0,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Counter for total files needing documentation. Set in step 1 during discovery. This is the        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     completion target for the 'num_files_documented' counter."                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "document_complexity",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "document_flow",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "update_existing",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "comments_on_complex_logic",                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "num_files_documented",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_files_to_document"                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "title": "DocgenRequest"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "analyze",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Performs comprehensive code analysis with systematic investigation and expert validation. Use for       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     architecture, performance, maintainability, and pattern analysis. Guides through structured code review and strategic           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     planning.",                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The analysis plan. Step 1: State your strategy, including how you will map the codebase           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     structure, understand business logic, and assess code quality, performance implications, and architectural patterns. Later      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     steps: Report findings and adapt the approach as new insights emerge."                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The index of the current step in the analysis sequence, beginning at 1. Each step should build    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     upon or revise the previous one."                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Your current estimate for how many steps will be needed to complete the analysis. Adjust as new   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     findings emerge."                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Set to true if you plan to continue the investigation with another step. False means you believe  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the analysis is complete and ready for expert validation."                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Summary of discoveries from this step, including architectural patterns, tech stack assessment,   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     scalability characteristics, performance implications, maintainability factors, and strategic improvement opportunities.        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     IMPORTANT: Document both strengths (good patterns, solid architecture) and concerns (tech debt, overengineering, unnecessary    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity). In later steps, confirm or update past findings with additional evidence."                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "files_checked": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "List all files examined (absolute paths). Include even ruled-out files to track exploration       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     path."                                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Subset of files_checked directly relevant to analysis findings (absolute paths). Include files    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with significant patterns, architectural decisions, or strategic improvement opportunities."                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_context": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "issues_found": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "object"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Issues or concerns identified during analysis, each with severity level (critical, high, medium,  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     low)"                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "If an earlier finding needs revision, specify the step number to backtrack from."                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "temperature": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "number",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 0,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "maximum": 1                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimal",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "max"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "images": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional absolute paths to architecture diagrams or visual references that help with analysis     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context."                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt4.1",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "nano",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-pro",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4mini"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ]                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "confidence": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "exploring",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "very_high",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "almost_certain",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "certain"                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Your confidence in the analysis: exploring, low, medium, high, very_high, almost_certain, or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     certain. 'certain' indicates the analysis is complete and ready for validation."                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "analysis_type": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "architecture",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "performance",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "security",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "quality",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "general"                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": "general",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Type of analysis to perform (architecture, performance, security, quality, general)"              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "output_format": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "summary",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "detailed",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "actionable"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": "detailed",                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "How to format the output (summary, detailed, actionable)"                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "title": "AnalyzeRequest"                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "refactor",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Analyzes code for refactoring opportunities with systematic investigation. Use for code smell           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     detection, decomposition planning, modernization, and maintainability improvements. Guides through structured analysis with     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     expert validation.",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The refactoring plan. Step 1: State strategy. Later steps: Report findings. CRITICAL: Examine     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     code for smells, and opportunities for decomposition, modernization, and organization. Use 'relevant_files' for code.           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     FORBIDDEN: Large code snippets."                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The index of the current step in the refactoring investigation sequence, beginning at 1. Each     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     step should build upon or revise the previous one."                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Your current estimate for how many steps will be needed to complete the refactoring               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     investigation. Adjust as new opportunities emerge."                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Set to true if you plan to continue the investigation with another step. False means you believe  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the refactoring analysis is complete and ready for expert validation."                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Summary of discoveries from this step, including code smells and opportunities for decomposition, \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     modernization, or organization. Document both strengths and weaknesses. In later steps, confirm or update past findings."       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "files_checked": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "List all files examined (absolute paths). Include even ruled-out files to track exploration       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     path."                                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Subset of files_checked with code requiring refactoring (absolute paths). Include files with code \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     smells, decomposition needs, or improvement opportunities."                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_context": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "issues_found": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "object"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Refactoring opportunities as dictionaries with 'severity' (critical/high/medium/low), 'type'      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (codesmells/decompose/modernize/organization), and 'description'. Include all improvement opportunities found."                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "confidence": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "exploring",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "incomplete",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "partial",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "complete"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": "incomplete",                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Your confidence in refactoring analysis: exploring (starting), incomplete (significant work       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     remaining), partial (some opportunities found, more analysis needed), complete (comprehensive analysis finished, all major      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     opportunities identified). WARNING: Use 'complete' ONLY when fully analyzed and can provide recommendations without expert      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     help. 'complete' PREVENTS expert validation. Use 'partial' for large files or uncertain analysis."                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "If an earlier finding needs revision, specify the step number to backtrack from."                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "temperature": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "number",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 0,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "maximum": 1                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimal",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "max"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "images": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional list of absolute paths to architecture diagrams, UI mockups, design documents, or visual \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     references that help with refactoring context. Only include if they materially assist understanding or assessment."             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt4.1",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "nano",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-pro",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4mini"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ]                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "refactor_type": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "codesmells",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "decompose",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "modernize",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "organization"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": "codesmells",                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Type of refactoring analysis to perform (codesmells, decompose, modernize, organization)"         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "focus_areas": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Specific areas to focus on (e.g., 'performance', 'readability', 'maintainability', 'security')"   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "style_guide_examples": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional existing code files to use as style/pattern reference (must be FULL absolute paths to    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     real files / folders - DO NOT SHORTEN). These files represent the target coding style and patterns for the project."            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "title": "RefactorRequest"                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "tracer",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Performs systematic code tracing with modes for execution flow or dependency mapping. Use for method    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     execution analysis, call chain tracing, dependency mapping, and architectural understanding. Supports precision mode (execution \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     flow) and dependencies mode (structural relationships).",                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current work step content and findings from your overall work"                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current step number in work sequence (starts at 1)"                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Estimated total steps needed to complete work"                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Whether another work step is needed. When false, aim to reduce total_steps to match step_number   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     to avoid mismatch."                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Important findings, evidence and insights discovered in this step"                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "files_checked": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "List of files examined during this work step"                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Files identified as relevant to issue/goal (FULL absolute paths to real files/folders - DO NOT    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     SHORTEN)"                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_context": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "confidence": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "exploring",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "very_high",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "almost_certain",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "certain"                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Confidence level: exploring (just starting), low (early investigation), medium (some evidence),   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     high (strong evidence), very_high (comprehensive understanding), almost_certain (near complete confidence), certain (100%       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     confidence locally - no external validation needed)"                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "images": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional paths to architecture diagrams or flow charts that help understand the tracing context." \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt4.1",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "nano",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-pro",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4mini"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ]                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "trace_mode": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "precision",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "dependencies",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "ask"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Type of tracing: 'ask' (default - prompts user to choose mode), 'precision' (execution flow) or   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'dependencies' (structural relationships)"                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "target_description": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Description of what to trace and WHY. Include context about what you're trying to understand or   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analyze."                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "target_description",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "trace_mode",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "title": "TracerRequest"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "testgen",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Creates comprehensive test suites with edge case coverage for specific functions, classes, or modules.  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Analyzes code paths, identifies failure modes, and generates framework-specific tests. Be specific about scope - target         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     particular components rather than testing everything.",                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The test plan for this step. Step 1: State strategy for analyzing code structure, business logic, \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical paths, and edge cases. Later steps: Report findings and adapt as new test scenarios are identified."                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The index of the current step in the test generation sequence, beginning at 1. Each step should   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     build upon or revise the previous one."                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Your current estimate for how many steps will be needed to complete the test generation analysis. \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Adjust as new findings emerge."                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Set to true if you plan to continue the investigation with another step. False means you believe  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the test generation analysis is complete and ready for expert validation."                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Summary of discoveries about the code being tested. Include analysis of functionality, critical   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     paths, edge cases, boundary conditions, and error handling. IMPORTANT: Document both happy paths and failure modes. Identify    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     existing test patterns. In later steps, confirm or update past findings."                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "files_checked": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "List all files examined (absolute paths). Include even ruled-out files to track exploration       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     path."                                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Subset of files_checked containing code needing tests (absolute paths). Include implementation    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     files, interfaces, dependencies, or existing test examples."                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "relevant_context": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "issues_found": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "object"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Issues identified with severity levels during work"                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "confidence": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "exploring",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "very_high",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "almost_certain",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "certain"                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Indicate your current confidence in the test generation assessment. Use: 'exploring' (starting    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analysis), 'low' (early investigation), 'medium' (some patterns identified), 'high' (strong understanding), 'very_high' (very   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     strong understanding), 'almost_certain' (nearly complete test plan), 'certain' (100% confidence - test plan is thoroughly       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complete and all test scenarios are identified with no need for external model validation). Do NOT use 'certain' unless the     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     test generation analysis is comprehensively complete, use 'very_high' or 'almost_certain' instead if not 100% sure. Using       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'certain' means you have complete confidence locally and prevents external model validation."                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "integer",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 1,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "If an earlier finding needs revision, specify the step number to backtrack from."                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true,                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "temperature": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "number",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimum": 0,                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "maximum": 1                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "minimal",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "low",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "medium",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "high",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "max"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ],                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max).      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Higher modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "boolean",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "default": true                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "images": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "array",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "items": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "string"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Optional list of absolute paths to architecture diagrams, flow charts, or visual documentation    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     that help understand the code structure and test requirements. Only include if they materially assist test planning."           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "enum": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt4.1",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "gpt5nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "nano",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3-pro",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o3mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "o4mini"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ]                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "step_number",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "total_steps",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "next_step_required",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "findings",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ],                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "title": "TestgenRequest"                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "challenge",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Prevents reflexive agreement when users challenge responses by forcing critical thinking and reasoned   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analysis. Trigger automatically when users critically question, disagree with, or appear to challenge previous statements in    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ongoing conversations. Promotes truth-seeking over compliance by ensuring thoughtful evaluation rather than automatic           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     agreement.",                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "prompt": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "The user's message or statement to analyze critically. When manually invoked with 'challenge',    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exclude that prefix - just pass the actual content. For automatic invocations (see tool description for conditions), pass the   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     user's complete message unchanged."                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": [                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "prompt"                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               ]                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "listmodels",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Shows which AI model providers are configured, available model names, their aliases and capabilities.", \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Model to use (ignored by listmodels tool)"                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": []                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \},                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \{                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "name": "version",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "description": "Get server version, configuration details, and list of available tools.",                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "parametersJsonSchema": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "type": "object",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "properties": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "model": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "description": "Model to use (ignored by version tool)"                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "required": []                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \}                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         ]                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \}                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ]                                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [OpenAI Provider] Converted tools: [                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "list_directory",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Lists the names of files and subdirectories directly within a specified directory path. Can optionally    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ignore entries matching provided glob patterns.",                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "path": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The absolute path to the directory to list (must be absolute, not relative)",                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "ignore": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "List of glob patterns to ignore",                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array"                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "file_filtering_options": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional: Whether to respect ignore patterns from .gitignore or .geminiignore",                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "respect_git_ignore": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional: Whether to respect .gitignore patterns when listing files. Only available in git      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     repositories. Defaults to true.",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean"                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "respect_gemini_ignore": \{                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional: Whether to respect .geminiignore patterns when listing files. Defaults to true.",     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean"                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "path"                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "read_file",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Reads and returns the content of a specified file. If the file is large, the content will be truncated.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     The tool's response will clearly indicate if truncation has occurred and will provide details on how to read more of the file   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     using the 'offset' and 'limit' parameters. Handles text, images (PNG, JPG, GIF, WEBP, SVG, BMP), and PDF files. For text files, \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     it can read specific line ranges.",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "absolute_path": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The absolute path to the file to read (e.g., '/home/user/project/file.txt'). Relative paths are not \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     supported. You must provide an absolute path.",                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "offset": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional: For text files, the 0-based line number to start reading from. Requires 'limit' to be     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     set. Use for paginating through large files.",                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "number"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "limit": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional: For text files, maximum number of lines to read. Use with 'offset' to paginate through    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     large files. If omitted, reads the entire file (if feasible, up to a default limit).",                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "number"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "absolute_path"                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "search_file_content",                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Searches for a regular expression pattern within the content of files in a specified directory (or        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     current working directory). Can filter files by a glob pattern. Returns the lines containing matches, along with their file     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     paths and line numbers.",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "pattern": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The regular expression (regex) pattern to search for within file contents (e.g.,                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'function\\\\s+myFunction', 'import\\\\s+\\\\\{.*\\\\\}\\\\s+from\\\\s+.*').",                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "path": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional: The absolute path to the directory to search within. If omitted, searches the current     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     working directory.",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "include": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional: A glob pattern to filter which files are searched (e.g., '*.js', '*.\{ts,tsx\}', 'src/**'). \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     If omitted, searches all files (respecting potential global ignores).",                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "pattern"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "glob",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Efficiently finds files matching specific glob patterns (e.g., `src/**/*.ts`, `**/*.md`), returning       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     absolute paths sorted by modification time (newest first). Ideal for quickly locating files based on their name or path         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     structure, especially in large codebases.",                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "pattern": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The glob pattern to match against (e.g., '**/*.py', 'docs/*.md').",                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "path": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional: The absolute path to the directory to search within. If omitted, searches the root        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     directory.",                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "case_sensitive": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional: Whether the search should be case-sensitive. Defaults to false.",                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean"                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "respect_git_ignore": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional: Whether to respect .gitignore patterns when finding files. Only available in git          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     repositories. Defaults to true.",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean"                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "pattern"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "replace",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Replaces text within a file. By default, replaces a single occurrence, but can replace multiple           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     occurrences when `expected_replacements` is specified. This tool requires providing significant context around the change to    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ensure precise targeting. Always use the read_file tool to examine the file's current content before attempting a text          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     replacement.\\n\\n      The user has the ability to modify the `new_string` content. If modified, this will be stated in the      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     response.\\n\\nExpectation for required parameters:\\n1. `file_path` MUST be an absolute path; otherwise an error will be          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     thrown.\\n2. `old_string` MUST be the exact literal text to replace (including all whitespace, indentation, newlines, and        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     surrounding code etc.).\\n3. `new_string` MUST be the exact literal text to replace `old_string` with (also including all        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     whitespace, indentation, newlines, and surrounding code etc.). Ensure the resulting code is correct and idiomatic.\\n4. NEVER    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     escape `old_string` or `new_string`, that would break the exact literal text requirement.\\n**Important:** If ANY of the above   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     are not satisfied, the tool will fail. CRITICAL for `old_string`: Must uniquely identify the single instance to change. Include \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     at least 3 lines of context BEFORE and AFTER the target text, matching whitespace and indentation precisely. If this string     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     matches multiple locations, or does not match exactly, the tool will fail.\\n**Multiple replacements:** Set                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `expected_replacements` to the number of occurrences you want to replace. The tool will replace ALL occurrences that match      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `old_string` exactly. Ensure the number of replacements matches your expectation.",                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "file_path": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The absolute path to the file to modify. Must start with '/'.",                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "old_string": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The exact literal text to replace, preferably unescaped. For single replacements (default), include \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     at least 3 lines of context BEFORE and AFTER the target text, matching whitespace and indentation precisely. For multiple       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     replacements, specify expected_replacements parameter. If this string is not the exact literal text (i.e. you escaped it) or    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     does not match exactly, the tool will fail.",                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "new_string": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The exact literal text to replace `old_string` with, preferably unescaped. Provide the EXACT text.  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Ensure the resulting code is correct and idiomatic.",                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "expected_replacements": \{                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "number",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Number of replacements expected. Defaults to 1 if not specified. Use when you want to replace       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     multiple occurrences.",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "file_path",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "old_string",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "new_string"                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "write_file",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Writes content to a specified file in the local filesystem.\\n\\n      The user has the ability to modify   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `content`. If modified, this will be stated in the response.",                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "file_path": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The absolute path to the file to write to (e.g., '/home/user/project/file.txt'). Relative paths are \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     not supported.",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "content": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The content to write to the file.",                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "file_path",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "content"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "web_fetch",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Processes content from URL(s), including local and private network addresses (e.g., localhost), embedded  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     in a prompt. Include up to 20 URLs and instructions (e.g., summarize, extract specific data) directly in the 'prompt'           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     parameter.",                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "prompt": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "A comprehensive prompt that includes the URL(s) (up to 20) to fetch and specific instructions on    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     how to process their content (e.g., \\"Summarize https://example.com/article and extract key points from                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     https://another.com/data\\"). Must contain as least one URL starting with http:// or https://.",                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "prompt"                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "read_many_files",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Reads content from multiple files specified by paths or glob patterns within a configured target          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     directory. For text files, it concatenates their content into a single string. It is primarily designed for text-based files.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     However, it can also process image (e.g., .png, .jpg) and PDF (.pdf) files if their file names or extensions are explicitly     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     included in the 'paths' argument. For these explicitly requested non-text files, their data is read and included in a format    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     suitable for model consumption (e.g., base64 encoded).\\n\\nThis tool is useful when you need to understand or analyze a          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     collection of files, such as:\\n- Getting an overview of a codebase or parts of it (e.g., all TypeScript files in the 'src'      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     directory).\\n- Finding where specific functionality is implemented if the user asks broad questions about code.\\n- Reviewing    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     documentation files (e.g., all Markdown files in the 'docs' directory).\\n- Gathering context from multiple configuration        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     files.\\n- When the user asks to \\"read all files in X directory\\" or \\"show me the content of all Y files\\".\\n\\nUse this tool   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     when the user's query implies needing the content of several files simultaneously for context, analysis, or summarization. For  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     text files, it uses default UTF-8 encoding and a '--- \{filePath\} ---' separator between file contents. The tool inserts a '---  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     End of content ---' after the last file. Ensure paths are relative to the target directory. Glob patterns like 'src/**/*.js'    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     are supported. Avoid using for single files if a more specific single-file reading tool is available, unless the user           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     specifically requests to process a list containing just one file via this tool. Other binary files (not explicitly requested as \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     image/PDF) are generally skipped. Default excludes apply to common non-text files (except for explicitly requested images/PDFs) \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     and large dependency directories unless 'useDefaultExcludes' is false.",                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "paths": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minLength": 1                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minItems": 1,                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Required. An array of glob patterns or paths relative to the tool's target directory. Examples:     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ['src/**/*.ts'], ['README.md', 'docs/']"                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "include": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minLength": 1                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional. Additional glob patterns to include. These are merged with `paths`. Example:              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     \\"*.test.ts\\" to specifically add test files if they were broadly excluded.",                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": []                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "exclude": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minLength": 1                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional. Glob patterns for files/directories to exclude. Added to default excludes if              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     useDefaultExcludes is true. Example: \\"**/*.log\\", \\"temp/\\"",                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": []                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "recursive": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional. Whether to search recursively (primarily controlled by `**` in glob patterns). Defaults   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     to true.",                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "useDefaultExcludes": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional. Whether to apply a list of default exclusion patterns (e.g., node_modules, .git, binary   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     files). Defaults to true.",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "file_filtering_options": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Whether to respect ignore patterns from .gitignore or .geminiignore",                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "object",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "properties": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "respect_git_ignore": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional: Whether to respect .gitignore patterns when listing files. Only available in git      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     repositories. Defaults to true.",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean"                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "respect_gemini_ignore": \{                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "description": "Optional: Whether to respect .geminiignore patterns when listing files. Defaults to true.",     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "type": "boolean"                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \}                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \}                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "paths"                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ]                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "run_shell_command",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "This tool executes a given shell command as `bash -c <command>`. Command can start background processes   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     using `&`. Command is executed as a subprocess that leads its own process group. Command process group can be terminated as     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `kill -- -PGID` or signaled as `kill -s SIGNAL -- -PGID`.\\n\\n      The following information is returned:\\n\\n      Command:     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Executed command.\\n      Directory: Directory (relative to project root) where command was executed, or `(root)`.\\n             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Stdout: Output on stdout stream. Can be `(empty)` or partial on error and for any unwaited background processes.\\n      Stderr: \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Output on stderr stream. Can be `(empty)` or partial on error and for any unwaited background processes.\\n      Error: Error or \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `(none)` if no error was reported for the subprocess.\\n      Exit Code: Exit code or `(none)` if terminated by signal.\\n        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Signal: Signal number or `(none)` if no signal was received.\\n      Background PIDs: List of background processes started or    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     `(none)`.\\n      Process Group PGID: Process group started or `(none)`",                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "command": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Exact bash command to execute as `bash -c <command>`"                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "description": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Brief description of the command for the user. Be specific and concise. Ideally a single sentence.  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Can be up to 3 sentences for clarity. No line breaks."                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "directory": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "(OPTIONAL) Directory to run the command in, if not the project root directory. Must be relative to  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the project root directory and must already exist."                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "command"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ]                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "save_memory",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "\\nSaves a specific piece of information or fact to your long-term memory.\\n\\nUse this tool:\\n\\n- When the \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     user explicitly asks you to remember something (e.g., \\"Remember that I like pineapple on pizza\\", \\"Please save this: my cat's \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     name is Whiskers\\").\\n- When the user states a clear, concise fact about themselves, their preferences, or their environment    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     that seems important for you to retain for future interactions to provide a more personalized and effective assistance.\\n\\nDo   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     NOT use this tool:\\n\\n- To remember conversational context that is only relevant for the current session.\\n- To save long,      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complex, or rambling pieces of text. The fact should be relatively short and to the point.\\n- If you are unsure whether the     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     information is a fact worth remembering long-term. If in doubt, you can ask the user, \\"Should I remember that for you?\\"\\n\\n## \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Parameters\\n\\n- `fact` (string, required): The specific fact or piece of information to remember. This should be a clear,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     self-contained statement. For example, if the user says \\"My favorite color is blue\\", the fact would be \\"My favorite color is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     blue\\".\\n",                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "fact": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The specific fact or piece of information to remember. Should be a clear, self-contained            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     statement."                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "fact"                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ]                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "google_web_search",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Performs a web search using Google Search (via the Gemini API) and returns the results. This tool is      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     useful for finding information on the internet based on a query.",                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "query": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The search query to find information on the web."                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "query"                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ]                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "resolve-library-id",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Resolves a package/product name to a Context7-compatible library ID and returns a list of matching        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     libraries.\\n\\nYou MUST call this function before 'get-library-docs' to obtain a valid Context7-compatible library ID UNLESS the \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     user explicitly provides a library ID in the format '/org/project' or '/org/project/version' in their query.\\n\\nSelection       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Process:\\n1. Analyze the query to understand what library/package the user is looking for\\n2. Return the most relevant match    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     based on:\\n- Name similarity to the query (exact matches prioritized)\\n- Description relevance to the query's intent\\n-         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Documentation coverage (prioritize libraries with higher Code Snippet counts)\\n- Trust score (consider libraries with scores of \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     7-10 more authoritative)\\n\\nResponse Format:\\n- Return the selected library ID in a clearly marked section\\n- Provide a brief   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     explanation for why this library was chosen\\n- If multiple good matches exist, acknowledge this but proceed with the most       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     relevant one\\n- If no good matches exist, clearly state this and suggest query refinements\\n\\nFor ambiguous queries, request    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     clarification before proceeding with a best-guess match.",                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "libraryName": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Library name to search for and retrieve a Context7-compatible library ID."                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "libraryName"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#"                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "get-library-docs",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Fetches up-to-date documentation for a library. You must call 'resolve-library-id' first to obtain the    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exact Context7-compatible library ID required to use this tool, UNLESS the user explicitly provides a library ID in the format  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     '/org/project' or '/org/project/version' in their query.",                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "context7CompatibleLibraryID": \{                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Exact Context7-compatible library ID (e.g., '/mongodb/docs', '/vercel/next.js',                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     '/supabase/supabase', '/vercel/next.js/v14.3.0-canary.87') retrieved from 'resolve-library-id' or directly from user query in   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the format '/org/project' or '/org/project/version'."                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "topic": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Topic to focus documentation on (e.g., 'hooks', 'routing')."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "tokens": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "number",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Maximum number of tokens of documentation to retrieve (default: 10000). Higher values provide more  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context but consume more tokens."                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "context7CompatibleLibraryID"                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#"                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "searchGitHub",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Find real-world code examples from over a million public GitHub repositories to help answer programming   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     questions.\\n\\n**IMPORTANT: This tool searches for literal code patterns (like grep), not keywords. Search for actual code that  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     would appear in files:**\\n- \u9989  Good: 'useState(', 'import React from', 'async function', '(?s)try \{.*await'\\n- \u10060  Bad: 'react   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     tutorial', 'best practices', 'how to use'\\n\\n**When to use this tool:**\\n- When implementing unfamiliar APIs or libraries and   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     need to see real usage patterns\\n- When unsure about correct syntax, parameters, or configuration for a specific library\\n-     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     When looking for production-ready examples and best practices for implementation\\n- When needing to understand how different    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     libraries or frameworks work together\\n\\n**Perfect for questions like:**\\n- \\"How do developers handle authentication in        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Next.js apps?\\" \u8594  Search: 'getServerSession' with language=['TypeScript', 'TSX']\\n- \\"What are common React error boundary      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     patterns?\\" \u8594  Search: 'ErrorBoundary' with language=['TSX']\\n- \\"Show me real useEffect cleanup examples\\" \u8594  Search:            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     '(?s)useEffect\\\\(\\\\(\\\\) => \{.*removeEventListener' with useRegexp=true\\n- \\"How do developers handle CORS in Flask              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     applications?\\" \u8594  Search: 'CORS(' with matchCase=true and language=['Python']\\n\\nUse regular expressions with useRegexp=true    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for flexible patterns like '(?s)useState\\\\(.*loading' to find useState hooks with loading-related variables. Prefix the pattern \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     with '(?s)' to match across multiple lines.\\n\\nFilter by language, repository, or file path to narrow results.",                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "query": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The literal code pattern to search for (e.g., 'useState(', 'export function'). Use actual code that \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     would appear in files, not keywords or questions."                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "matchCase": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Whether the search should be case sensitive",                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": false                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "matchWholeWords": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Whether to match whole words only",                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": false                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "useRegexp": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Whether to interpret the query as a regular expression",                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": false                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "repo": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Filter by repository.\\n            Examples: 'facebook/react', 'microsoft/vscode', 'vercel/ai'.\\n   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Can match partial names, for example 'vercel/' will find repositories in the vercel org."                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "path": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Filter by file path.\\n            Examples: 'src/components/Button.tsx', 'README.md'.\\n             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Can match partial paths, for example '/route.ts' will find route.ts files at any level."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "language": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Filter by programming language.\\n            Examples: ['TypeScript', 'TSX'], ['JavaScript'],       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ['Python'], ['Java'], ['C#'], ['Markdown'], ['YAML']"                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "query"                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#"                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "chat",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "General chat and collaborative thinking partner for brainstorming, development discussion, getting second \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     opinions, and exploring ideas. Use for bouncing ideas, validating approaches, asking questions, and getting explanations. ",    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "prompt": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Your question or idea for collaborative thinking. Provide detailed context, including your goal,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     what you've tried, and any specific challenges. CRITICAL: To discuss code, provide file paths using the 'files' parameter       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     instead of pasting large code blocks here."                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "files": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Absolute full-paths to existing files / folders for context. DO NOT SHORTEN."                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "images": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional images for visual context (must be FULL absolute paths to real files / folders - DO NOT    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     SHORTEN - OR these can be bas64 data)"                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt4.1",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "mini",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "nano",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-pro",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4mini"                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "temperature": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "number",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 0,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "maximum": 1                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimal",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "max"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max). Higher \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "prompt",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model"                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ]                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "thinkdeep",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Performs multi-stage investigation and reasoning for complex problem analysis. Use for architecture       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions, complex bugs, performance challenges, and security analysis. Provides systematic hypothesis testing, evidence-based  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     investigation, and expert validation.",                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current work step content and findings from your overall work"                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current step number in work sequence (starts at 1)"                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Estimated total steps needed to complete work"                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Whether another work step is needed. When false, aim to reduce total_steps to match step_number to  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     avoid mismatch."                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Important findings, evidence and insights discovered in this step"                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "files_checked": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "List of files examined during this work step"                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Files identified as relevant to issue/goal (FULL absolute paths to real files/folders - DO NOT      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     SHORTEN)"                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_context": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "issues_found": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "object"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Issues identified with severity levels during work"                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "confidence": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "exploring",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "very_high",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "almost_certain",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "certain"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Confidence level: exploring (just starting), low (early investigation), medium (some evidence),     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     high (strong evidence), very_high (comprehensive understanding), almost_certain (near complete confidence), certain (100%       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     confidence locally - no external validation needed)"                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Step number to backtrack from if work needs revision"                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "temperature": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "number",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 0,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "maximum": 1                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimal",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "max"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max). Higher \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "images": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional images for visual context. MUST be absolute paths or base64. Use when user mentions        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     images. Describe image contents. "                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt4.1",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "mini",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "nano",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-pro",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4mini"                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "problem_context": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Additional context about problem/goal. Be expressive."                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "focus_areas": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Focus aspects (architecture, performance, security, etc.)"                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step",                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model"                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "title": "ThinkdeepRequest"                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "planner",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Breaks down complex tasks through interactive, sequential planning with revision and branching            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     capabilities. Use for complex project planning, system design, migration strategies, and architectural decisions. Builds plans  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     incrementally with deep reflection for complex scenarios.",                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Your current planning step content. Step 1: Describe the task/problem to plan in detail for         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     breakdown. Subsequent steps: Provide planning content (steps, revisions, questions, approach changes, etc.)."                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current step number in work sequence (starts at 1)"                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Estimated total steps needed to complete work"                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Whether another work step is needed. When false, aim to reduce total_steps to match step_number to  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     avoid mismatch."                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt4.1",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "mini",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "nano",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-pro",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4mini"                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "is_step_revision": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "True if this step revises/replaces a previous step"                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "revises_step_number": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "If is_step_revision is true, which step number is being revised"                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "is_branch_point": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "True if this step branches from a previous step to explore alternatives"                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "branch_from_step": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "If is_branch_point is true, which step number is the branching point"                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "branch_id": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Identifier for the current branch (e.g., 'approach-A', 'microservices-path')"                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "more_steps_needed": \{                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "True if more steps are needed beyond the initial estimate"                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step",                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model"                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "title": "PlannerRequest"                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "consensus",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Builds multi-model consensus through systematic analysis and structured debate. Use for complex           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decisions, architectural choices, feature proposals, and technology evaluations. Consults multiple models with different        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     stances to synthesize comprehensive recommendations.",                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The core question for consensus. Step 1: Provide the EXACT proposal for all models to evaluate.     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     CRITICAL: This text is sent to all models and must be a clear question, not a self-referential statement (e.g., use             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'Evaluate...' not 'I will evaluate...'). Steps 2+: Internal notes on the last model's response; this is NOT sent to other       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     models."                                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The index of the current step in the consensus workflow, beginning at 1. Step 1 is your analysis,   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     steps 2+ are for processing individual model responses."                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Total number of steps needed. This equals the number of models to consult. Step 1 includes your     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analysis + first model consultation on return of the call. Final step includes last model consultation + synthesis."            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Set to true if more models need to be consulted. False when ready for final synthesis."             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Your analysis of the consensus topic. Step 1: Your independent, comprehensive analysis of the       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     proposal. CRITICAL: This is for the final synthesis and is NOT sent to the other models. Steps 2+: A summary of the key points  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     from the most recent model's response."                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Files that are relevant to the consensus analysis. Include files that help understand the proposal, \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     provide context, or contain implementation details."                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "images": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional list of image paths or base64 data URLs for visual context. Useful for UI/UX discussions,  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     architecture diagrams, mockups, or any visual references that help inform the consensus analysis."                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt4.1",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "mini",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "nano",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-pro",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4mini"                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "models": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "object",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "properties": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "model": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "stance": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string",                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "enum": [                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "for",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "against",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                         "neutral"                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       ],                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "default": "neutral"                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \},                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "stance_prompt": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                       "type": "string"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     \}                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   \},                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "required": [                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                     "model"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   ]                                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "List of model configurations to consult. Each can have a model name, stance (for/against/neutral),  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     and optional custom stance prompt. The same model can be used multiple times with different stances, but each model + stance    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     combination must be unique. Example: [\{'model': 'o3', 'stance': 'for'\}, \{'model': 'o3', 'stance': 'against'\}, \{'model':         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'flash', 'stance': 'neutral'\}]"                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "current_model_index": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 0,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Internal tracking of which model is being consulted (0-based index). Used to determine which model  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     to call next."                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model_responses": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "object"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Accumulated responses from models consulted so far. Internal field for tracking progress."          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step",                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings"                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "title": "ConsensusRequest"                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "codereview",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Performs systematic, step-by-step code review with expert validation. Use for comprehensive analysis      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     covering quality, security, performance, and architecture. Guides through structured investigation to ensure thoroughness.",    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Review plan. Step 1: State strategy. Later: Report findings. MUST examine quality, security,        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     performance, architecture. Use 'relevant_files' for code. NO large snippets."                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current step index in review sequence (starts at 1). Build upon previous steps."                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Estimated steps needed to complete the review. IMPORTANT: For external validation, max 2 steps. For \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     internal validation, use 1 step. When continuation_id is provided (continuing a previous conversation), set to 2 max for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     external, 1 for internal."                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "True to continue with another step, False when review is complete. CRITICAL for external            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     validation: Set to True on step 1, then False on step 2. For internal validation: Set to False immediately. When                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuation_id is provided: Follow the same rules based on validation type."                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Discoveries: quality, security, performance, architecture. Document positive+negative. Update in    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     later steps."                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "files_checked": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "All examined files (absolute paths), including ruled-out ones."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Step 1: All files/dirs for review. Final: Subset with key findings (issues, patterns, decisions)."  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_context": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "issues_found": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "object"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Issues with 'severity' (critical/high/medium/low) and 'description'. Vulnerabilities, performance,  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     quality."                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "confidence": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "exploring",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "very_high",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "almost_certain",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "certain"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Confidence level: exploring (just starting), low (early investigation), medium (some evidence),     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     high (strong evidence), very_high (comprehensive understanding), almost_certain (near complete confidence), certain (100%       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     confidence locally - no external validation needed)"                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Step number to backtrack from if revision needed."                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "temperature": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "number",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 0,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "maximum": 1                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimal",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "max"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max). Higher \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "images": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional diagrams, mockups, visuals for review context (absolute paths). Include if materially      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     helpful."                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt4.1",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "mini",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "nano",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-pro",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4mini"                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "review_validation_type": \{                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "external",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "internal"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": "external",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "'external' (default, expert model) or 'internal' (no expert). Default external unless user          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     specifies."                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "review_type": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "full",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "security",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "performance",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "quick"                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": "full",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Review type: full, security, performance, quick."                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "focus_on": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Specific aspects or context for areas of concern."                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "standards": \{                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Coding standards to enforce."                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "severity_filter": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "critical",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "all"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": "all",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Minimum severity to report."                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step",                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model"                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "title": "CodereviewRequest"                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "precommit",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Validates git changes and repository state before committing with systematic analysis. Use for            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     multi-repository validation, security review, change impact assessment, and completeness verification. Guides through           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     structured investigation with expert analysis.",                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Validation plan. Step 1: State strategy. Later: Report findings. MUST examine git changes, analyze  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     impacts. Use 'relevant_files' for code. NO large snippets."                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current step index in pre-commit sequence (starts at 1). Build upon previous steps."                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 3,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Estimated steps needed to complete validation. IMPORTANT: For external validation, use max 3 steps. \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     For internal validation, use 1 step. When continuation_id is provided (continuing a previous conversation), set to 3 max for    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     external, 1 for internal."                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "True to continue with another step, False when validation is complete. CRITICAL: If total_steps>=3, \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     set to True until the final step. When continuation_id is provided: Follow the same validation rules based on precommit_type."  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Discoveries: git diffs, modifications, issues (bugs, missing tests, security). Document             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     positive+concerns. Update in later steps."                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "files_checked": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "All examined files (absolute paths), including ruled-out ones."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Files with changes or relevant to validation (absolute paths). Modified files, config, tests,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     docs."                                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_context": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "issues_found": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "object"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Issues with 'severity' (critical/high/medium/low) and 'description'. Bugs, security, performance."  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "confidence": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "exploring",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "very_high",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "almost_certain",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "certain"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Confidence level: exploring (just starting), low (early investigation), medium (some evidence),     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     high (strong evidence), very_high (comprehensive understanding), almost_certain (near complete confidence), certain (100%       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     confidence locally - no external validation needed)"                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Step number to backtrack from if revision needed."                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "temperature": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "number",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 0,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "maximum": 1                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimal",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "max"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max). Higher \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "images": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional screenshots/visuals for validation (absolute paths)."                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt4.1",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "mini",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "nano",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-pro",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4mini"                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "precommit_type": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "external",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "internal"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": "external",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "'external' (default, expert review) or 'internal' (local only). Default external unless user        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     specifies."                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "path": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Starting path for git repos (FULL absolute path). REQUIRED step 1."                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "compare_to": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional git ref (branch/tag/commit) to compare. Checks remotes if needed. Without: checks          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     staged/unstaged."                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "include_staged": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Analyze staged changes. Ignored if 'compare_to' provided."                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "include_unstaged": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Analyze unstaged changes. Ignored if 'compare_to' provided."                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "focus_on": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Focus aspects: security, performance, test coverage."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "severity_filter": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "critical",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "all"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": "all",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Minimum severity to report."                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step",                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model"                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "title": "PrecommitRequest"                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "debug",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Performs systematic debugging and root cause analysis for any type of issue. Use for complex bugs,        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     mysterious errors, performance issues, race conditions, memory leaks, and integration problems. Guides through structured       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     investigation with hypothesis testing and expert analysis.",                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Investigation step. Step 1: State issue+direction. Symptoms misleading; 'no bug' valid. Trace       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     dependencies, verify hypotheses. Use relevant_files for code; this for text only."                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current step index (starts at 1). Build upon previous steps."                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Estimated total steps needed to complete the investigation. Adjust as new findings emerge.          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     IMPORTANT: When continuation_id is provided (continuing a previous conversation), set this to 1 as we're not starting a new     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     multi-step investigation."                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "True if you plan to continue the investigation with another step. False means root cause is known   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     or investigation is complete. IMPORTANT: When continuation_id is provided (continuing a previous conversation), set this to     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     False to immediately proceed with expert analysis."                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Discoveries: clues, code/log evidence, disproven theories. Be specific. If no bug found, document   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     clearly as valid."                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "files_checked": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "All examined files (absolute paths), including ruled-out ones."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Files directly relevant to issue (absolute paths). Cause, trigger, or manifestation locations."     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_context": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "issues_found": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "object"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Issues identified with severity levels during work"                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "confidence": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "exploring",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "very_high",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "almost_certain",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "certain"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Your confidence in the hypothesis: exploring (starting out), low (early idea), medium (some         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     evidence), high (strong evidence), very_high (very strong evidence), almost_certain (nearly confirmed), certain (100%           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     confidence - root cause and fix are both confirmed locally with no need for external validation). WARNING: Do NOT use 'certain' \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unless the issue can be fully resolved with a fix, use 'very_high' or 'almost_certain' instead when not 100% sure. Using        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'certain' means you have ABSOLUTE confidence locally and PREVENTS external model validation."                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Concrete root cause theory from evidence. Can revise. Valid: 'No bug found - user misunderstanding' \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     or 'Symptoms unrelated to code' if supported."                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Step number to backtrack from if revision needed."                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "temperature": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "number",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 0,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "maximum": 1                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimal",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "max"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max). Higher \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "images": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional screenshots/visuals clarifying issue (absolute paths)."                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt4.1",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "mini",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "nano",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-pro",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4mini"                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step",                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model"                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "title": "DebugRequest"                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "secaudit",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Performs comprehensive security audit with systematic vulnerability assessment. Use for OWASP Top 10      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analysis, compliance evaluation, threat modeling, and security architecture review. Guides through structured security          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     investigation with expert validation.",                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Audit plan. Step 1: State strategy. Later: Report findings. MANDATORY: Systematic approach (OWASP   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Top 10, auth, validation). Use 'relevant_files'. NO large code."                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current step in audit sequence (starts at 1)."                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Estimated steps for audit. Adjust as findings emerge."                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "True to continue. False when ALL threats uncovered, ready for validation."                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Discoveries: vulnerabilities, auth issues, validation gaps, compliance. Document positives and      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     concerns. Update past findings."                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "files_checked": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "All files examined (absolute paths). Include ruled-out files."                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Step 1: Files to audit (absolute paths). Final: Files with security issues, auth modules, config    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     files."                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_context": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "issues_found": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "object"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Security issues as dict: 'severity' (critical/high/medium/low), 'description'. Include              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     vulnerabilities, auth flaws, injection, crypto weakness, config issues."                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "confidence": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "exploring",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "very_high",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "almost_certain",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "certain"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "exploring/low/medium/high/very_high/almost_certain/certain. CRITICAL: 'certain' PREVENTS external   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     validation."                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Step number to backtrack from if revision needed."                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "temperature": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "number",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 0,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "maximum": 1                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimal",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "max"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max). Higher \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "images": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional: Architecture diagrams, security models, threat models (absolute paths). Only if assists   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     security assessment."                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt4.1",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "mini",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "nano",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-pro",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4mini"                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "security_scope": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Security context (web/mobile/API/enterprise/cloud). Include stack, user types, data sensitivity,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     threat landscape. This helps focus the security assessment appropriately."                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "threat_level": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "critical"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": "medium",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Assess the threat level based on application context: 'low' (internal tools, low-risk data),        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'medium' (customer-facing, business data), 'high' (financial, healthcare, regulated industry), 'critical' (payment processing,  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     sensitive personal data). This guides prioritization."                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "compliance_requirements": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "List applicable compliance frameworks and security standards (SOC2, PCI DSS, HIPAA, GDPR, ISO       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     27001, NIST). Include industry-specific requirements that affect security controls."                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "audit_focus": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "owasp",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "compliance",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "infrastructure",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "dependencies",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "comprehensive"                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": "comprehensive",                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Primary security focus areas for this audit (owasp, compliance, infrastructure, dependencies)"      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "severity_filter": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "critical",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "all"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": "all",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Minimum severity level to report on the security issues found"                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step",                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model"                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "title": "SecauditRequest"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "docgen",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Generates comprehensive code documentation with systematic analysis of functions, classes, and            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity. Use for documentation generation, code analysis, complexity assessment, and API documentation. Analyzes code        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     structure and patterns to create thorough documentation.",                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current work step content and findings from your overall work"                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current step number in work sequence (starts at 1)"                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Estimated total steps needed to complete work"                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Whether another work step is needed. When false, aim to reduce total_steps to match step_number to  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     avoid mismatch."                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Important findings, evidence and insights discovered in this step"                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Files identified as relevant to issue/goal (FULL absolute paths to real files/folders - DO NOT      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     SHORTEN)"                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_context": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "issues_found": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "object"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Issues identified with severity levels during work"                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "document_complexity": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Whether to include algorithmic complexity (Big O) analysis in function/method documentation.        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Default: true. When enabled, analyzes and documents the computational complexity of algorithms."                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "document_flow": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Whether to include call flow and dependency information in documentation. Default: true. When       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     enabled, documents which methods this function calls and which methods call this function."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "update_existing": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Whether to update existing documentation when it's found to be incorrect or incomplete. Default:    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     true. When enabled, improves existing docs rather than just adding new ones."                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "comments_on_complex_logic": \{                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Whether to add inline comments around complex logic within functions. Default: true. When enabled,  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     adds explanatory comments for non-obvious algorithmic steps."                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "num_files_documented": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": 0,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 0,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Counter for fully documented files. Starts at 0. Increment only when a file is 100% complete.       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     CRITICAL: Must equal 'total_files_to_document' to finish."                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_files_to_document": \{                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": 0,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 0,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Counter for total files needing documentation. Set in step 1 during discovery. This is the          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     completion target for the 'num_files_documented' counter."                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step",                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "document_complexity",                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "document_flow",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "update_existing",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "comments_on_complex_logic",                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "num_files_documented",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_files_to_document"                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "title": "DocgenRequest"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "analyze",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Performs comprehensive code analysis with systematic investigation and expert validation. Use for         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     architecture, performance, maintainability, and pattern analysis. Guides through structured code review and strategic           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     planning.",                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The analysis plan. Step 1: State your strategy, including how you will map the codebase structure,  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     understand business logic, and assess code quality, performance implications, and architectural patterns. Later steps: Report   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     findings and adapt the approach as new insights emerge."                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The index of the current step in the analysis sequence, beginning at 1. Each step should build upon \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     or revise the previous one."                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Your current estimate for how many steps will be needed to complete the analysis. Adjust as new     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     findings emerge."                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Set to true if you plan to continue the investigation with another step. False means you believe    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the analysis is complete and ready for expert validation."                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Summary of discoveries from this step, including architectural patterns, tech stack assessment,     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     scalability characteristics, performance implications, maintainability factors, and strategic improvement opportunities.        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     IMPORTANT: Document both strengths (good patterns, solid architecture) and concerns (tech debt, overengineering, unnecessary    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity). In later steps, confirm or update past findings with additional evidence."                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "files_checked": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "List all files examined (absolute paths). Include even ruled-out files to track exploration path."  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Subset of files_checked directly relevant to analysis findings (absolute paths). Include files with \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     significant patterns, architectural decisions, or strategic improvement opportunities."                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_context": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "issues_found": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "object"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Issues or concerns identified during analysis, each with severity level (critical, high, medium,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     low)"                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "If an earlier finding needs revision, specify the step number to backtrack from."                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "temperature": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "number",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 0,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "maximum": 1                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimal",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "max"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max). Higher \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "images": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional absolute paths to architecture diagrams or visual references that help with analysis       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context."                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt4.1",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "mini",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "nano",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-pro",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4mini"                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "confidence": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "exploring",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "very_high",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "almost_certain",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "certain"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Your confidence in the analysis: exploring, low, medium, high, very_high, almost_certain, or        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     certain. 'certain' indicates the analysis is complete and ready for validation."                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "analysis_type": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "architecture",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "performance",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "security",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "quality",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "general"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": "general",                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Type of analysis to perform (architecture, performance, security, quality, general)"                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "output_format": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "summary",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "detailed",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "actionable"                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": "detailed",                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "How to format the output (summary, detailed, actionable)"                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step",                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model"                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "title": "AnalyzeRequest"                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "refactor",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Analyzes code for refactoring opportunities with systematic investigation. Use for code smell detection,  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     decomposition planning, modernization, and maintainability improvements. Guides through structured analysis with expert         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     validation.",                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The refactoring plan. Step 1: State strategy. Later steps: Report findings. CRITICAL: Examine code  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     for smells, and opportunities for decomposition, modernization, and organization. Use 'relevant_files' for code. FORBIDDEN:     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Large code snippets."                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The index of the current step in the refactoring investigation sequence, beginning at 1. Each step  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     should build upon or revise the previous one."                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Your current estimate for how many steps will be needed to complete the refactoring investigation.  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Adjust as new opportunities emerge."                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Set to true if you plan to continue the investigation with another step. False means you believe    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the refactoring analysis is complete and ready for expert validation."                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Summary of discoveries from this step, including code smells and opportunities for decomposition,   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     modernization, or organization. Document both strengths and weaknesses. In later steps, confirm or update past findings."       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "files_checked": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "List all files examined (absolute paths). Include even ruled-out files to track exploration path."  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Subset of files_checked with code requiring refactoring (absolute paths). Include files with code   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     smells, decomposition needs, or improvement opportunities."                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_context": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "issues_found": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "object"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Refactoring opportunities as dictionaries with 'severity' (critical/high/medium/low), 'type'        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (codesmells/decompose/modernize/organization), and 'description'. Include all improvement opportunities found."                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "confidence": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "exploring",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "incomplete",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "partial",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "complete"                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": "incomplete",                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Your confidence in refactoring analysis: exploring (starting), incomplete (significant work         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     remaining), partial (some opportunities found, more analysis needed), complete (comprehensive analysis finished, all major      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     opportunities identified). WARNING: Use 'complete' ONLY when fully analyzed and can provide recommendations without expert      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     help. 'complete' PREVENTS expert validation. Use 'partial' for large files or uncertain analysis."                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "If an earlier finding needs revision, specify the step number to backtrack from."                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "temperature": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "number",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 0,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "maximum": 1                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimal",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "max"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max). Higher \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "images": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional list of absolute paths to architecture diagrams, UI mockups, design documents, or visual   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     references that help with refactoring context. Only include if they materially assist understanding or assessment."             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt4.1",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "mini",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "nano",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-pro",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4mini"                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "refactor_type": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "codesmells",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "decompose",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "modernize",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "organization"                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": "codesmells",                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Type of refactoring analysis to perform (codesmells, decompose, modernize, organization)"           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "focus_areas": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Specific areas to focus on (e.g., 'performance', 'readability', 'maintainability', 'security')"     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "style_guide_examples": \{                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional existing code files to use as style/pattern reference (must be FULL absolute paths to real \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     files / folders - DO NOT SHORTEN). These files represent the target coding style and patterns for the project."                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step",                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model"                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "title": "RefactorRequest"                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "tracer",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Performs systematic code tracing with modes for execution flow or dependency mapping. Use for method      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     execution analysis, call chain tracing, dependency mapping, and architectural understanding. Supports precision mode (execution \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     flow) and dependencies mode (structural relationships).",                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current work step content and findings from your overall work"                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current step number in work sequence (starts at 1)"                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Estimated total steps needed to complete work"                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Whether another work step is needed. When false, aim to reduce total_steps to match step_number to  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     avoid mismatch."                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Important findings, evidence and insights discovered in this step"                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "files_checked": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "List of files examined during this work step"                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Files identified as relevant to issue/goal (FULL absolute paths to real files/folders - DO NOT      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     SHORTEN)"                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_context": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "confidence": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "exploring",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "very_high",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "almost_certain",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "certain"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Confidence level: exploring (just starting), low (early investigation), medium (some evidence),     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     high (strong evidence), very_high (comprehensive understanding), almost_certain (near complete confidence), certain (100%       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     confidence locally - no external validation needed)"                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "images": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional paths to architecture diagrams or flow charts that help understand the tracing context."   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt4.1",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "mini",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "nano",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-pro",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4mini"                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "trace_mode": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "precision",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "dependencies",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "ask"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Type of tracing: 'ask' (default - prompts user to choose mode), 'precision' (execution flow) or     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'dependencies' (structural relationships)"                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "target_description": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Description of what to trace and WHY. Include context about what you're trying to understand or     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analyze."                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step",                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "target_description",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "trace_mode",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model"                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "title": "TracerRequest"                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "testgen",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Creates comprehensive test suites with edge case coverage for specific functions, classes, or modules.    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Analyzes code paths, identifies failure modes, and generates framework-specific tests. Be specific about scope - target         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     particular components rather than testing everything.",                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step": \{                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The test plan for this step. Step 1: State strategy for analyzing code structure, business logic,   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical paths, and edge cases. Later steps: Report findings and adapt as new test scenarios are identified."                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The index of the current step in the test generation sequence, beginning at 1. Each step should     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     build upon or revise the previous one."                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Your current estimate for how many steps will be needed to complete the test generation analysis.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Adjust as new findings emerge."                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required": \{                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Set to true if you plan to continue the investigation with another step. False means you believe    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     the test generation analysis is complete and ready for expert validation."                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Summary of discoveries about the code being tested. Include analysis of functionality, critical     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     paths, edge cases, boundary conditions, and error handling. IMPORTANT: Document both happy paths and failure modes. Identify    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     existing test patterns. In later steps, confirm or update past findings."                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "files_checked": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "List all files examined (absolute paths). Include even ruled-out files to track exploration path."  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_files": \{                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Subset of files_checked containing code needing tests (absolute paths). Include implementation      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     files, interfaces, dependencies, or existing test examples."                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "relevant_context": \{                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Methods/functions identified as involved in the issue"                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "issues_found": \{                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "object"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Issues identified with severity levels during work"                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "confidence": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "exploring",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "very_high",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "almost_certain",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "certain"                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Indicate your current confidence in the test generation assessment. Use: 'exploring' (starting      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analysis), 'low' (early investigation), 'medium' (some patterns identified), 'high' (strong understanding), 'very_high' (very   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     strong understanding), 'almost_certain' (nearly complete test plan), 'certain' (100% confidence - test plan is thoroughly       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complete and all test scenarios are identified with no need for external model validation). Do NOT use 'certain' unless the     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     test generation analysis is comprehensively complete, use 'very_high' or 'almost_certain' instead if not 100% sure. Using       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     'certain' means you have complete confidence locally and prevents external model validation."                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "hypothesis": \{                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Current theory about issue/goal based on work"                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "backtrack_from_step": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "integer",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 1,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "If an earlier finding needs revision, specify the step number to backtrack from."                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_assistant_model": \{                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true,                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Use assistant model for expert analysis after workflow steps. False skips expert analysis, relies   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     solely on Claude's investigation. Defaults to True for comprehensive validation."                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "temperature": \{                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "number",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Lower values: focused/deterministic; higher: creative. Tool-specific defaults apply if              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     unspecified.",                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "minimum": 0,                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "maximum": 1                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "thinking_mode": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "minimal",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "low",                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "medium",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "high",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "max"                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ],                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Thinking depth: minimal (0.5%), low (8%), medium (33%), high (67%), max (100% of model max). Higher \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     modes: deeper reasoning but slower."                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "use_websearch": \{                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "boolean",                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Enable web search for docs and current info. Model can request Claude to perform web-search for     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     best practices, framework docs, solution research, latest API information.",                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "default": true                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "continuation_id": \{                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Unique thread continuation ID for multi-turn conversations. Reuse last continuation_id when         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     continuing discussion (unless user provides different ID) using exact unique identifer. Embeds complete conversation history.   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Build upon history without repeating. Focus on new insights. Works across different tools."                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "images": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "array",                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "items": \{                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "type": "string"                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 \},                                                                                                                  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Optional list of absolute paths to architecture diagrams, flow charts, or visual documentation that \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     help understand the code structure and test requirements. Only include if they materially assist test planning."                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \},                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "IMPORTANT: Use the model specified by the user if provided, OR select the most suitable model for   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     this specific task based on the requirements and capabilities listed below:\\n\\nOpenAI models - Available when OPENAI_API_KEY is \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     configured:\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-mini': GPT-5-mini   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     (400K context, 128K output) - Efficient variant with reasoning support\\n- 'gpt-5-nano': GPT-5 nano (400K context) - Fastest,    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     cheapest version of GPT-5 for summarization and classification tasks\\n- 'o3': Strong reasoning (200K context) - Logical         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems, code generation, systematic analysis\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed,       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro': Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     problems requiring universe-scale complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     critical architectural decisions or exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model (200K context) - Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     reasoning model with large context window\\n- 'gpt-5': GPT-5 (400K context, 128K output) - Advanced model with reasoning         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     support\\n- 'o3-mini': Fast O3 variant (200K context) - Balanced performance/speed, moderate complexity\\n- 'o3-pro':             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Professional-grade reasoning (200K context) - EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE: Only for the most complex problems requiring universe-scale  \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     complexity analysis OR when the user explicitly asks for this model. Use sparingly for critical architectural decisions or      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exceptionally complex debugging that other models cannot handle.\\n- 'o4-mini': Latest reasoning model (200K context) -          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     Optimized for shorter contexts, rapid reasoning\\n- 'gpt-4.1': GPT-4.1 (1M context) - Advanced reasoning model with large        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     context window",                                                                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "enum": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-4.1",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5",                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-mini",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt-5-nano",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt4.1",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-mini",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5-nano",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5mini",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "gpt5nano",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "mini",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "nano",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3",                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3-pro",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o3mini",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4-mini",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                   "o4mini"                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 ]                                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step",                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "step_number",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "total_steps",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "next_step_required",                                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "findings",                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model"                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ],                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "additionalProperties": false,                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "title": "TestgenRequest"                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "challenge",                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Prevents reflexive agreement when users challenge responses by forcing critical thinking and reasoned     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     analysis. Trigger automatically when users critically question, disagree with, or appear to challenge previous statements in    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ongoing conversations. Promotes truth-seeking over compliance by ensuring thoughtful evaluation rather than automatic           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     agreement.",                                                                                                                    \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "prompt": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "The user's message or statement to analyze critically. When manually invoked with 'challenge',      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     exclude that prefix - just pass the actual content. For automatic invocations (see tool description for conditions), pass the   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     user's complete message unchanged."                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": [                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "prompt"                                                                                                              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             ]                                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "listmodels",                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Shows which AI model providers are configured, available model names, their aliases and capabilities.",   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Model to use (ignored by listmodels tool)"                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": []                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \},                                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \{                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "type": "function",                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         "function": \{                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "name": "version",                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "description": "Get server version, configuration details, and list of available tools.",                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           "parameters": \{                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "type": "object",                                                                                                       \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "properties": \{                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               "model": \{                                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "type": "string",                                                                                                   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                 "description": "Model to use (ignored by version tool)"                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474               \}                                                                                                                     \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             \},                                                                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474             "required": []                                                                                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474           \}                                                                                                                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474         \}                                                                                                                           \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474       \}                                                                                                                             \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     ]                                                                                                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [Turn] Debug - providerName: openai, providerDisplayName: Openai                                                                \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [Turn] Debug - chat has config: true                                                                                            \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u8505  [Turn] Debug - config has getProvider: function                                                                                 \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  \u10006  Error when talking to Openai API Full report available at:                                                                      \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474     /var/folders/d0/27r8370n059c6950gt2lt7hw0000gp/T/openai-client-error-Turn.run-sendMessageStream-2025-09-03T05-25-12-892Z.json   \u9474 \
\uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \
\uc0\u9581 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9582 \
\uc0\u9474  >   Type your message or @path/to/file                                                                                                        \u9474 \
\uc0\u9584 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9583 \
                                                                                                                                gpt-5 (100%\
~/Documents/Solita/GenAI/IDE/multi-llm         User query: 'analyze this repository and draw a SVG diagram         no sandbox   context   |1.35 \
(feature/ouroboros-fresh-integration*)        depicting it's component architecture and another one with high-level(see /docs) left)       GB\
                                               architecture design. Store in ouroboros/docs'\
}